Professor	Course	Rating	Comment
Arun Kumar	CS564	AWESOME	Arun himself is a pretty funny and charismatic guy. His section of 564 this semester is MUCH better than the other (I have attended both). The course content really sucks, but I think that Paris Koutris (the actual professor) has full control over this, and Arun just has to deal with it. I do recommend him highly, but not for 564 with Paris.
Arun Kumar	CS564	AVERAGE	Arun saved my grade in 564. I was signed up for another section but I started going to Arun's instead and it was a complete difference. The class was still extremely difficult but having Arun definitely helped.
Arun Kumar	CS564	POOR	Arun is away smarter than average students and expect us to be as smart as he is. He moves very fast in lecture and it is hard to follow if you do not read books along with lecture.  Assignments are tough and took a lot of effort just to finish. The worst part , the average for both projects and exams is only 50%. Avoid him and Paris.
Arun Kumar	CS564	AVERAGE	Arun is a clever guy. But his grading on exam is too tough, exam itself is also very tough. Also his hand writing is hard to recognize. His pace is too fast. Homework is also very tough (you can compare it with the same course taught by other professors). Avoid him unless no other choice (maybe wait for another semester). BTW, he discourage email .
Irene Rae	CS570	AWFUL	Incredibly subjective grading, useless lectures, forced participation, group projects that force you to rely on complete strangers for a shared grade, excessive and boring readings, and contrived material. There is no required coding, instead you are treated to an endless wave of busy work and powerpoint presentations. This should not be a CS class
Irene Rae	CS570	POOR	Irene reads straight off her PowerPoint slides so lectures are pointless. Sometimes there are group activities which are pretty useless. Grading is a huge mess. There is a rubric but the grading is just based off your classmates performance. The readings are excessive and not helpful. The majority of the class is working with an assigned group.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWFUL	Bach is still in charge of the homework and tests, but Joseph teaches off of wiki pages and has no idea what she's doing.
Deborah Joseph	577	GOOD	Good lecturer. Knows what she's talking about; answers questions well. The biggest flaw with this class was letting Eric Bach have a say in what went on the quizzes. Some of the quizzes were unrelated to class material&the questions weren't worth thinking about as they won't be used in CS, ever. questions on all material were convoluted to the max
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWESOME	I thought Deb made a good effort to teach the material in a way that was easy to understand and easy to refer to in the future (using free online resources and textbooks). She does lecture a bit slow at times, but it is very clear. She's also very knowledgeable about extendedrelated topics if you talk to her after class or during office hours.
Deborah Joseph	CS240	POOR	Totally chill class (although lectures get boring sometimes). Really super easy A with this prof.
Deborah Joseph	CS240	GOOD	Thought she was very clear in explaining the concepts and the logic was followable. Exams aren't very long so missing a few questions can set you back more.
Deborah Joseph	CS240	AWESOME	The material is so basic and simple it really comes down to how hard they grade and exams. There were four 16-22 multiple choices quizzes and several brief HWs, as well as extra credit opportunity. Great lecturer, very clear, but as a 3rd year ECECS student I stopped showing up because much of the content is covered in other courses. Great teacher
Deborah Joseph	CS240	AWESOME	She's an awesome professor.  If you are required to take CS240, it's worth the wait to take it when she's teaching.  Just a great person overall, really cares about the students!!
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWFUL	Deb Joseph is probably the worst professor I've ever had. She seems to possibly know her stuff, but is just not good at conveying it. Lectures are boring as hell, she procrastinated assigning all homework til near the end, basically screwing us all over to get the 45% we needed to pass the class. Easy A, but mental suffering along the way. 2/10
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AVERAGE	Here is my advice to anyone in CS taking 577: take it with DebJo, unless you really want to learn a lot and are willing to put in a LOT of time and energy into the course with someone else. I feel I learned a bit les than I would've with another professor, but it's just crazy easy. And DebJo is pretty helpful if you ask. Just confusing.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWFUL	Take this class if all you care about is getting an A. The class is horribly unorganized and inconsistent. Her lectures are uninformative and unprepared. She is definitely one of the worst professors I have ever had. Don't even bother going to most lectures. Just do enough work for an A, which is very doable, and take that.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	POOR	Horrible teacher, if you want to learn something about algorithms do not take this class with her. Only have to get 200 out of 400 points to get an A, but she routinely grades things incorrectly and enters points in wrong so you have no idea how you are doing until late into the semester.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	GOOD	She gave us 400 available points and said that we need 200 of those to get an A. This would have been a lot easier if the homework and quizzes had been released at a constant rate and not all at the end of the semester. Overall, really easy to get an A in this class without learning anything.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	GOOD	Most of the material is released when half the semester is over. Just attending lecture and passively consuming the material is a recipe for failure in this course. You have to actively work hard to make sense of things. There's a lack of clarity at times, but if you put the book, her lecture & wikipedia together it makes sense.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWFUL	Is consistently late to class, moves extremely slowly, and wastes classtime by asking poorly-phrased questions with little background and not moving on until the class has arrived at the proper answer. The lectures are a complete waste of time, and she seems not to care.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWESOME	A must take if you're a CS major. Highly recommended if you want to graduate.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWESOME	This class is great.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AVERAGE	Not to hard to get an A because of her point system, but you won't learn too much. What she goes over in lecture will show up on the quizzes, but is otherwise pretty useless. Homework is ridiculously time consuming, and harshly graded, but you can pick and choose which assignments you want to do. Not as bad as some of the others say.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWFUL	Do not take this class with her if you actually want to learn the material.  Her grading system is that you need to get 200 out of a possible 437, so getting an A is possible but still difficult, especially since she didn't release anything until most of the semester is over.  Did not learn anything I wanted too except what I taught myself.
Deborah Joseph	CS577	AWFUL	Definitely the worst professor I've had. Material is stumbled over during lecture, not taught. Homework assignments are not consistent with material being taught. She does not seem to be very interested in this class. Take  577 from a different professor, you won't learn anything from Joseph.
Deborah Joseph	CS520	POOR	Unclear of what was expected throughout the course. Didn't respond to my multiple emails and was essentially impossible to reach outside of class.
Jim Skrentny	CS354	AWFUL	Doesn't answer questions, just rambles in a bunch of jargon/random abbreviations and messily scribbles on the projector.  Generally unhelpful
Jim Skrentny	CS354	AWFUL	Very messy handwriting, not very helpful in office hours and not very responsive to extenuating circumstances such as having another class at the same time he scheduled a midterm, or a life threatening illness in my family.
Jim Skrentny	CS354	POOR	I took CS367 with Jim, and I loved him. However, the outline style does not help in this course. There are tons of details, so it turns out we have to memorize the  notes and textbook. I took CS577 with Eric in the same semester, and I got an A. However somehow I am struggling in this course with Jim. 88.5 A, 84.8 - 88.5 AB, 78.8 - 84.8 B.
Jim Skrentny	CS354	AVERAGE	I'm not gonna lie, I didn't like how Jim taught 354. Same format as CS 367: print out outlines of lecture notes and fill them in in class. Works great for 367, not so much for 354, which is what he's most likely going to be teaching for a while, and it doesn't work because there's so much content in 354. Homeworks are ridiculously hard but helpful.
Jim Skrentny	CS354	AWESOME	Very good teacher, explains concepts well. He is very detail oriented so you have to put in some work to figure out exactly how everything works but he does a good job of getting you there. Genuinely cares about teaching as effectively as possible
Jim Skrentny	CS354	GOOD	"Mixed feelings: He is a great prof but still only enjoyed 50% of 354. Constantly found myself saying ""What the f%!K Jim"" while doing homework because they were so detailed that it was infuriating. Learned a ton, but he is so knowledgeable in the material that he teaches so much and expects you to master everything, so it can be un-enjoyable."
Jim Skrentny	CS354	AWESOME	This is his first semester teaching 354 for some time, and he has been a part of revamping the course. Tests are multiple choice + dual choice now and you learn the material in a different order than usual, but it's the same stuff by and large.  Great professor, projects were 6-10 hours each (6 projects total), exam questions were what I expected
Jim Skrentny	CS354	AVERAGE	Um I would say his lecture is pretty informative but not that exciting. He teaches in a way that sometimes is too detailed and makes computer science less like computer science. But you sure will get a solid foundation if you have him as your professor.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	GOOD	He has you take notes by having you print out a skeleton of the lecture notes every day and having you follow him through it, filling stuff in. I liked it a lot, but if you didn't show up then you would have to ask someone who was there for their notes. Is really thorough with examples. Pretty quirky, keeps lectures from getting too boring.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AWESOME	I really enjoyed 367 with Jim Skrentny. I was a little lost at first, but quickly got used to his teaching style and learned a ton. Probably learned more in 367 than in any other class I've taken here. He is extremely organized and explains tough concepts very thoroughly. I would highly recommend getting him as an instructor for this course.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AWESOME	He has very good lectures that include a notesheet outline we can use during the lecture. His lectures help a lot, and the outlines for each lectures actually help you learn much better than traditional lectures.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	GOOD	Skrentny is by far my favorite professor at UW.  His lectures were engaging and he has 367 down to a science.  It's a shame the class has been given to Deppler.  I learned so much from him and considering what an important class this is for a CS major, I am glad that he was my professor.  If you have the chance, TAKE SKRENTNY.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AWFUL	Needs to work on his people skills.
Jim Skrentny	COMP367	GOOD	Class was challenging, definitely need to work very hard to get an A unless you're naturally amazing at nitpicky test questions and doing perfectly on all programs/homework assignments. Professor Skrentny is a good lecturer and a nice guy, a bit intimidating one-on-one. Enjoyed his outline format of lecturing. Study hard, hard, hard for tests!
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AVERAGE	His lectures put me to sleep. Really boring professor. He explains things well if you're able to stay awake during his class. Sometimes unclear.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AWFUL	An angry boy with a bad attitude is the most accurate characterization I can give for Mr. Skrentny. His motley lecture slides only further your confusion of the concepts. Incredibly inapt for his position. Hopefully he will quit lecturing soon as teaching clearly isn't for him.
Jim Skrentny	COMP367	POOR	Boring long lecture, cover everything in reading.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AWESOME	A bit scary in person, but a great lecturer. No textbook, just shortish online readings, which is nice.
Jim Skrentny	CS367	AWESOME	Puts in a lot of effort into the classes. Very enthusiastic. Very clear. Answers questions very well.
Jim Skrentny	COMP367	POOR	You only need to catch up notes in lecture, not much to listen
Jerry Zhu	CS540	POOR	seems like a nice person but is teaches more theoretical math and statistics than actual computer algorithms. DO NOT take with him if you want to understand the material from lecture alone, this is nearly impossible.
Jerry Zhu	CS540	POOR	His AI class is not really what I expected. Much more math and statistics oriented. Really struggle in his class because I have little statistics background and he rushed stats ideas as if you already know them. Not recommended for CS students.
Jerry Zhu	540	POOR	He's a good teacher if you have a strong mathematical background. Otherwise things can fly over your head. Final exam was the worst experience. 35% of your grade and the exam had 20 1-word answers (numbers or boolean). His slides were horrible since he writes superscript and subscript in the same line. I had to struggle and learn elsewhere.
Jerry Zhu	CS540	GOOD	Jerry is a pretty good professor, though he sometimes rushes through advanced mathematical concepts that some students may not have a strong background in. Tests are multiple choice, difficult, and highly theoretical.
Jerry Zhu	CS540	GOOD	He can really explain some tough subjects in a clear and concise manner when it comes to AI. I missed one lecture all semester because it's pretty tough by just reading. The homework assignments teach the concepts both programmingpaper wise, but I found the tests to be out of nowhere and pretty rough. Review theory for exams
Jerry Zhu	540	GOOD	Jerry is a very good lecturer with clear examples. Subjects go by fast, so missing class is not recommended. His tests are tough but manageable (past exams help).
Jerry Zhu	CS761	AWESOME	Takes his teaching very seriously. Very intuitive and helpful. Great professor.
Jerry Zhu	CS761	AWESOME	Great teacher, has very intuitive explanations of complicated machine learning concepts that are very cryptic in literature.
Jerry Zhu	CS540	POOR	5 hw worth 50% of your grade. They were difficult but fair. He isn't the best professor in the world but he isn't terrible. He seems like a nice guy also and that can count for a lot if you need help.
Jerry Zhu	CS540	POOR	We went into the final exam knowing 45% of our grade so far. 20% worth of homework that we turned in almost a month prior, and he said would be graded multiple times, just wasn't. This class is tough, and he doesn't make it any easier to learn the material. Don't expect to get an example if you don't understand something.
Michael Ferris	CS525	AWFUL	really bad lecturer,giving confusing lectures. I learnt all material by myself. The homework was not supposed to be so hard if he could give some information on lecture. Stay Away from him!
Michael Ferris	CS525	AVERAGE	Changed the start time of the class from the official one so that he could cancel some lectures and offer us the same amount of instruction. Lectures are relatively clear but can be confusing at times, especially in the middle of a proof. Exams are quite difficult, and the textbook is not well written.
Michael Ferris	CS525	GOOD	His class is so tough. The homework is long and there are so many proof questions that make it a pure math class. The project is interesting and easy though. The problem is final, because the final is way too hard, and he expects the average to be 50-60. On the bright side, he's easy to talk with and explain problems clearly.
Michael Ferris	ISYE525	AWFUL	Bad Prof !
Somesh Jha	CS435	AWESOME	One of my favorite professors
Somesh Jha	CS435	AWESOME	I really enjoyed the lectures. Homeworks were a bit challenging, but significantly easier than what you would see in 577 or 520. No programs at all.
Somesh Jha	CS435	GOOD	Very good professor, though notation and grading criteria can be confusing at times. You can tell that he genuinely cares, though, and he works hard to make the material approachable. My biggest complaint is that he makes you do the homework in pairs.
Somesh Jha	CS435	AWESOME	Awesome, awesome professor. My favorite one in the CS department (and that's saying a lot... I've had good CS professors here). He's really generous to students, and wants them to succeed. He tries to learn everybody's name if possible and does a good job of it. Really interactive. Highly recommended! If engaged at all, you should get a good grade.
Somesh Jha	CS435	AWESOME	Somesh is a boss, easily one of my favorite professors at this university.  Cryptography is not an easy subject, but dude is so laid back he makes it fun.  Also one of the most generous graders I've encountered.
Somesh Jha	CS536	AWESOME	Somesh is a very helpful professor. There is no textbook for the class and his notes he gives in class are very helpful. Midterms aren't too bad, some of the questions are similar to past exams. Overall a very good class and clear professor.
Colin Dewey	BMI576	POOR	His homework grading criteria is extremely difficult. The concepts covered in class line up somewhat well with the homework. However, the homework perfectly prepares you for the exams. Start the assignments early and get help otherwise you can say goodbye to getting an AB or an A in his class.
Colin Dewey	BMI576	GOOD	Professor Dewey seems very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject. The class combines CS, stats, and biology majors, and those without programming experience seem to have trouble with some of the concepts. As a CS student the material moves at a comfortable pace and the programming homework assignments are straightforward.
Colin Dewey	BMI576	AWFUL	By far the worst professor i have had in university. He makes an intro level course on bioinformatics seem like the most difficult thing in the world. His explanations of some very fine and detailed concepts are vague and brushes over important details. The homework assignments will include details he may have never gone over in class. Poor.
Colin Dewey	BMI576	AWESOME	Colin Dewey is an incredible lecturer.  Concepts are very clearly and thoroughly explained, and his presentations are engaging and easy to follow.  Assignments and exams are a bit tough, but you'll do well if you go to lecture.
Eric Bach	CS577	AVERAGE	He is not that scary... Some lectures are pretty confusing, which I left having no ideas what he was talking about. He is very good outside of the lecture tho. He gives tons of help in his OH. Overall you will learn a lot from him.
Eric Bach	CS577	AVERAGE	Just teaches a bunch of different algorithms with a very loose structure. Be familiar with the algorithms but don't stress over them, class tests more on your deductive reasoning than your understanding of the course.
Eric Bach	CS577	AWESOME	An ideal teacher for this course.  He intuitively understands the material and has the ability to immediately grasp the perspective of the student asking a question.  This stuff is abstract, Prof Bach makes it approachable.  He is easily reachable, responsive and appears to truly care about both his students and the material.
Eric Bach	CS577	AWFUL	"HWs are random questions, and everything is too theoretical. The most useful proof in this class will be ""Now it should be clear that..."". It's not a good course if you really want to learn algorithm.  Most students go to the other section because this guy just doesn't know how to teach. He sucks."
Eric Bach	CS577	AVERAGE	Dr. Bach is a very smart man but isn't  a easy grader. To want to pass you have to be interested in CS if you aren't the homework will feel like a chain on your leg. In my opinion hes a tough grader and isn't the best but if you want a boost know what your doing wrong and are very interested in CS he'd be the one for you.
Eric Bach	MATH240	AWFUL	He's the worst professor I've ever had. Never take a class with him. There were 4 exams: first average was a 26%, second was 35%, third was 36%, and the final average wasn't posted it was that bad. The exams were multiple choice... He doesn't know how to teach, and he doesn't know how to dumb it down at all. He couldn't have been worse..
Eric Bach	CS577	AWESOME	Hard class but doable. If you can't get this class with deb take it with Eric.
Eric Bach	MATH240	POOR	"Absolutely worthless professor from my experience in Discrete Math. No, the material is not great, but it was extremely difficult to understand. When the first exam came around and an A was 20%, I dropped. When I went to ask for help, he offered the suggestion to ""just write a program to solve it for you"". Take 240 with Math Dept instead!"
Eric Bach	CS240	AVERAGE	Just terrible. Made everything so unnecessarily hard that we missed the key concepts of discrete math. I feel robbed of the knowledge that class should have offered.
Eric Bach	MATH240	POOR	It's all been said. He's a very bad teacher. Thinking of taking his class? Don't.
Eric Bach	CSMATH240	AWFUL	He wasn't clear.  The book wasn't clear. The homework was incredibly difficult.  The exams were too, and they were worth 90% of your grade total with each exam average under 50%.
Eric Bach	CS240	AWFUL	Easily the worst class I've ever taken, and the worst professor I've ever had.
Eric Bach	CS240	AWFUL	The worst 240 professor I have ever seen.  I know people that have taken this course with other professors and they do not understand what Bach is trying to teach.  His methods are unclear, he is terrible at getting his point across and he blames the students for his inability to teach.
Eric Bach	CSMATH240	AWFUL	Finally finished the worst class in history! Absolutely terrible time.
Eric Bach	CS240	AWESOME	Probably the best teacher you can take 240 with especially if you're going to be a CS major. If I could take the class again, I definitely would.
Eric Bach	CS240	AWFUL	Terrible teacher. Lecture is pointless as nothing you will be doing on the homework is related. Homework is difficult to the point of absurdity, and the exams are stupid hard. Whatever you do don't take any classes with this excuse for a teacher.
Eric Bach	CS240	POOR	Extremely difficult. It definitely doesn't need to be this hard but his class definitely challenges you to learn everything very well.  The problem is, his impossible homeworks and teaching style forces you to learn almost everything on your own
Eric Bach	CS240	AWFUL	Worst professor I've ever had. Completely impossible to understand. The homeworks given are hard to the point of impossible (I've put in an un-godly amount of time, and gotten nowhere.) The average on the first test was a 33% (after almost half the class dropped the course).
Eric Bach	CS240	POOR	"A nice guy, but his teaching style is not the most helpful, and his exam/HW questions are needlessly convoluted (i.e. he tries to be ""creative"") and thus much more difficult than the content of the class calls for."
Eric Bach	CS240	POOR	There is no doubt that Eric is very smart, the only problem is that he is used to teaching higher level undergrad and grad courses. Not the right fit for a class that is trying to teach the basics of many different topics. Unfortunately it is required for CS, so we have to deal with it. I'll be happy to get out with a B and never look back!
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	Jin-Yi Cai made theoretical computer science very approachable. His lecturing style is very clear and understandable. Basically if you show up to class and actually listen the homework and tests should be fairly easy.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS577	POOR	Obviously very smart, but he spoke very quickly on advanced topics and lectures were not always easy to follow. Homework was extremely difficult, did not match the textbook and often not the lecture, and did not leave sufficient time to the student to complete. Office hours were not helpful; he would say that he wanted the student to think about it
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	POOR	Cai is passionate about his subject. However, the subject matter is tough.  You do not get solutions to HW.  Also, there is no reviews for midtermsfinal.  In the end, the curve should stop you from getting anything worse then a C.  All in all, take Cai if you want to learn high level theory without worrying about failing.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	POOR	He tries to make the content relatable but I ended up doing much of my learning through the textbook. He started off well but I struggled learning as the semester went on and the content became more difficult.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	Although Rating Jin-Yi Cai as 2 in easiness, it is clear that the class he is teaching is already too difficult for most professors to handle. If you are going to take CS520 with him, be sure NOT TO MISS ANY CLASS and LISTEN CAREFULLY. Tf you don't listen to his word, you will probably not be able to understand the class. The tests are fair though.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	He is the best professor I have ever had for advanced level computer science professor. He tries his best the make the abstract concept understandable by visualize it. Also he is super intelligent and patient to students. If you really want to have a general understanding of computing, and learn something from the course, he is the best choice.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS577	AVERAGE	The class is super, super hard, but Professor Cai is ridiculously smart. Pay super good attention otherwise you'll get lost very easily.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS577	AVERAGE	This class was very difficult.  These kind of theory classes in general tend to be difficult, but he doesn't make it any easier.  He seems like a really nice guy and like people have said seems very intelligent, but he just rambles.  He expects you to spend hours on each assignment.  The book is your only real chance to succeed, in my opinion.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	He has a true passion for mathematics and computer science and it shows in his teaching. He's always willing to help a student with questions.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWFUL	This guy is an egomaniac and a terrible teacher. He spent 90% of each class trying to impress us with how brilliant he is by rambling incoherently about material from more advanced classes. Interrupts students whenever they ask questions. If it weren't for the textbook (which was fascinating and clear) I would not have learned anything.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	Best professor I've had. (Partially) caused me to go to grad school for a Ph.D.
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	"&quot;Best CS professor I've had. The first person to really get me excited intellectually.&quot;  Exactly the same for me."
Jin-Yi Cai	CS520	AWESOME	Best CS professor I've had. The first person to really get me excited intellectually.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Hands down best professor in the CS department.  Maybe best at the University.  Had to change the way the COW award was given because he was winning it too much.  Speaks very clearly and makes sure everyone knows whats going on before advancing onto new topics.  I recommend every CS major take at least one class with Remzi here.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Great prof!
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Great professor!
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	736	AWESOME	One of the university's best professors.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS638	AWESOME	Okay, everyone knows Remzi is the best. But taking Starting a Software Company with him is a different experience from OS. Phenomenal teacher who more or less, demands you start thinking outside the box to be successful. Highly, highly recommend.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS357	AWESOME	One of the best professors I've had! Extremely knowledgable, clearly passionate about the topics at hand, and truly wants students to understand the material and succeed
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Favorite CS professor i've had. His lectures are clear and useful and the programming assignments are very helpful to learn the material. He is also writing the course textbook, which is clear and very helpful and will always be available free
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	EEEEEEEEE	GOOD	Number one ranked computer science program in the nation. This is the best of the best.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Would recommend to everyone.  Not easy but you will learn a ton!
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Favorite CS professor. You need to do the work (which can take a lot of work), but he's a fair grader and not too nit-picky.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Great teacher, wrote his own book for the class and had it online for us to use for free.  Very helpful when you have problems.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS736	AWESOME	Mentor...Master...Magic
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Going to repeat what others have said: best professor in the dept. hands down, and would be a serious contestant for best teacher on campus. Clear, concise, engaging lecturer, very helpful in office hours, and always ready with a joke. The projects and exams are difficult, but never overwhelming. Take this class!
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Best CS professor. The favorite CS professor of everyone I have talked with. The material I imagine could be challenging, but he presents everything extremely well and is very helpful and a nice guy.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	ECE537	AWESOME	Greatest CS professor ever, he is funny, easy to talk to, knows his stuff and works just as hard as you do during the semester.  Tries (and succeeds) to make exams interestingly themed...
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	GOOD	One of the best professors on campus! Keeps class interesting while making sure you actually learn the material, and is quite entertaining. Very helpful both in and outside of class.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Awesome professor. Very engaging and extremely knowledgeable about the topic. Definitely the best CS professor I've had on campus, and quite possibly the best professor.
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Hilarious and great at teaching.  The material is sometimes a bit dense, but he is very clear, provides great notes, and is just interesting to listen to.  The projects and exams can be very hard if you fall behind (if you're not good at C programming, you will have to learn, but optional discussions help a lot).
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	One of the best professors I've ever had in anything!
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	One of my favorite professors ever.
Jim Williams	CS302	AWFUL	CS302 is the first computer science class you'll likely take, and it does not give a good impression. Jim's lectures rarely if ever increased my knowledge of CS. The entire lecture consisted of multiple choice questions on slides, and even so barely gave explanations of why answers were right or wrong. I recommended taking CS302 with Gary instead.
Jim Williams	CS302	POOR	Overall, I did not enjoy Jim as a lecturer.  With the excessive amounts of homework, lectures were just redundant.  On top of that, he taught at such a slow pace that it was painful.  There were only a few occasions where I felt like I got something out of the lecture.
Jim Williams	CS302	GOOD	This was one of the first CS courses I've taken so I don't have a lot to compare Professor Williams to, but overall he did a good job with the class. The class was tough but he made lecture worth going to as his lectures were set-up in a pretty effective format. Definitely recommend him
Jim Williams	CS302	AWESOME	One of the best professors I have ever seen. Writing code can be boring, but Professor Jim Williams makes it interesting. He explains everything very clearly and tries his best to make sure that everyone understands everything. His lectures are relaxing but very useful. I start to like writing code after taking his class.
Jim Williams	CS302	AWESOME	Professor Williams is really respectful to everyone, if you have a question he will go out of his way and write code to walk through an example. He tries to get everyone to grasp the basics, then goes a little beyond the scope of the course to try to get a deeper understanding which I really liked. Probably the best professor I've had so far.
Jim Williams	CS302	AWESOME	I knew very little about computer science and programming before this class,  but Prof Williams was a really great teacher and passionate about the subject. I'm definitely more interested in pursuing cs because of him and this course. It wasn't an easy class, but I recommend taking it.
Jim Williams	CS302	AWESOME	His lecture is so awesome and useful because he always talks about the exception in the code which we never think about before. Going to the lecture and doing the in-class questions will help you comprehend the content better and get higher grades in the exams.
Jim Williams	CS302	AWESOME	Jim is a great professor that helped a non-CS major with no programming experience really understand the material. The programs can be tough at times, but you have the ability to work with a partner for 3/4 of them. Homework is all online and walks  you through the entire course . Inspired me to take another CS class.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWESOME	Yes his version of CS 302 is hard. But he taught me so many useful things and is really inspirational to beginners. It will  be a challenge but per say it's worth it.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	GOOD	One of my favorite professors. He gives really fun lecturers and relates to his students well. If you go to lecture and give him your attention, you'll find this class much more engaging. He's very willing and pleasant to work with in office hours. The projects for this class are hard because they take time. Start early and you'll be fine.
Nikolaos Pappas	302	AWESOME	Anyone who says Nik is unhelpful and explains java poorly is taking out their frustration on him unfairly. I think a lot of people take CS 302 for engineering reqs and don't really have an interest in the course, which is why it's so hard. Computer Science is hard, but Nik is engaging and interested in improving his class, something you don't see.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWESOME	Nick did a wonderful job explaining what is a tough topic for many people.  This was 1/3 code, 1/3 problem solving and 1/3 math.  If you didn't do the reading, look up help and more info on line and practice, I am sure the class seemed incomprehensibly hard. Nick took these issues in stride and worked overtime to overcome them.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	POOR	The worst professor I've ever had. Though he tries to improve his teaching, he just doesn't accept your suggestions and doesn't change. Don't expect too much from his class and choose another professor if possible.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	POOR	He is not helpful at all. He gives really hard projects and exams.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AVERAGE	He tries to be helpful, but in a way I do not think is efficient.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	POOR	"I can attest to these comments.I would not recommend this class.Nick spent too much time on things that aren't important. You do not actually get a 'feel' of the materials until the third week. First two weeks were spent talking about ""things we didn't need to know.""In a 8week session that is valuable time taken away from things we do need to know."
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWFUL	I alway left his course with confusion. After a while I learned that if you take his course and have no experience with java, you will end up learning what you have to do to pass the class rather than learning how java works. It's sad but true.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AVERAGE	I didn't learn much from Nik and didn't go to every lecture. He frequently would ask if there was any way of teaching that he could change for our benefit. He is eager to teach and wants students to do well. If you catch on to the material quickly, you will do well. Otherwise, hope that you can learn from Nik.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	POOR	He wanted to be relatable and be able to reach all students but it just didn't happen. It felt more like he just opened up Eclipse and started trying to teach rather than thinking about what people need to know.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWESOME	I really liked Nick's lectures. He explained everything we needed to know about Java and tried to keep class interesting. Holds frequent office hours and is always open to advice on making lectures better - and actually takes the it! Programming projects take a LOT of time; you do enough work that this class should really be worth 4 or 5 credits.
Nikolaos Pappas	COMSCI302	AWFUL	At times he teaches like you're 5, at times like you're an expert. I got an A from past knowledge, but would have failed without it.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWESOME	this class was incredibly difficult, and requires a LOT of work outside of class. i had friends with other professors who joined nicks lecture because he made a very difficult subject somewhat understandable. hated the class, loved the professor. he really puts time in and tries to make sure the class understands everything by asking for feedback
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWFUL	Have no clue what he is talking about. Worst lecturer I have ever had. Do not take his class unless you are happy with a C or lower.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWFUL	he's not even a professor; he's a grad student. His instructions are just terribly not clear; and you would get points off because you can't understand what he is asking. And there is no use arguing with him for point back. And often times you get 0 for a quiz or for a class of your project if you get 1 small thing wrong despite all your effort
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	AWFUL	"Horrible professor. Nick compared everyone to the top 5 kids in the class so everyone else was ""clearly slacking"". It was your fault for not understanding something. His test codes were full of bugs. You could get a -20 on the final... If you see his name on anything just do your self a favor and drop the class."
Nikolaos Pappas	CS302	POOR	I cannot stress enough how important it is to start this program immediately. This project will bend your mind. Start early or your will fail to complete it. You have been warned.
Nikolaos Pappas	CS30	AWFUL	NEVER TAKE HIS CLASS!extremely difficult projects, quizzes and exams. Cannot understanding what he is saying at all. If you dont wanna fail this class, stay away from him.
Aditya Akella	CS838	AWFUL	terrible
Aditya Akella	CS838	AWFUL	hate it
Aditya Akella	CS838	GOOD	It is a difficult course to take.. The HW's require too much time and effort. Many difficult papers to read. He covers the important points of the paper in the lecture so lectures are much useful..
Aditya Akella	CS640	AWESOME	Great professor. Definitely knows what hes talking about with respect to Networks. Will help you whenever you need it and is very responsive. Material isn't too tough, the projects are slightly difficult, quizzes are not too bad if you go to lecture and reread the slides, I'd recommend him as a professor.
Aditya Akella	838	GOOD	Good
Aditya Akella	838	GOOD	Good.
Michael Coen	CS540	GOOD	Didn't have papers printed out on time for tests. Final grades submitted 2 weeks late. Great guy though. Very smart and hilarious, designs assignments and tests to measure understanding, not to trip students up. Extremely dedicated to making sure students learn, stays up late the night before assignments are due, willing to extend deadlines.
Michael Coen	CS540	AWESOME	Interesting prof. with crazy/cool stories. Lectures were interesting, exams even more so. He focuses on teaching the intuition rather than bludgeoning students with tedious equations and irrelevant debugging. He also taught the class using the functional language Scheme, which I felt was something really important for anyone interested in CS.
Michael Coen	CS540	AWESOME	He almost doubled the class capacity to get all students on the waitlist in, what a nice guy! Snarky but intelligent remarks on every single topic from mathematics to neuroscience, he just knows so much! Definitely wanna go to his office hour. Course materials are easy to understand.
Michael Coen	CS841	AWESOME	Prof. Coen is an engaging speaker with an impressive intellect and deep knowledge in a wide range of fields. You won't want to miss class or the opportunity to talk with him during office hours. Problem sets are unique and well-designed explorations into the fascinating topics covered in this interdisciplinary course.
Michael Coen	CS540	AWESOME	My favorite professor I've had and also the smartest man I've ever met. He knows everything there is to know about artificial intelligence- from financial AI  (he worked on wall street as a hedge fund quant) to using AI to translate a monkey language. Crazy man! Class was pretty relaxed- Homework was somewhat challenging, exams pretty easy.
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	AWESOME	Excellent course from a professor with industry experience.  The material is challenging - be ready to devote serious amounts of time to the projects (30-50 hours per project minimum). Picking up the GLSL Cookbook is strongly recommended and will save you time and headaches.  Perry's stories this semester were really entertaining!
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	AVERAGE	Don't take this class unless you have a lot of time on your hands and are really good at and ENJOY learning on your own. Almost no hand-holding so the internet and books will be your teacher. Projects will take many many hours so if you've got a busy schedule you will suffer.
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	GOOD	Hardest class I've ever taken, but I've learned an incredible amount. The class is graded in a competitive manner, (where best projects get A's) but is curved within reason For example if someone makes Crysis, you don't necessarily fail for making a project a bit over what's spec'd. High time requirement, 30 hrs a week is not unusual to do well.
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	AWESOME	Easily the best proffessor I've ever had. Hard as hell, the class will seriously give you nightmares, but definitely my favorite class ever.
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	POOR	Class structure is poor and the material is difficult.  The project specs are open ended on the point total, those that do the best, get A's, the rest get something else.  Class depends on an unofficial lab. Projects are demoed and source code is reviewed.  Only one exam that you won't be able to finish in class. Perry speaks abstractly .Books help
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	GOOD	Acts like a jerk sometimes but is really helpful if you're actually invested in the class. Not as much experience teaching graphics as other professors but more experience in industry, which is sometimes helpful. All in all pretty decent prof.
Perry Kivolowitz	CS559	AWESOME	Has some great experience in the his field that you don't find in a lot of professors.  He expects quite a bit of you, but also is there to help you whenever you need.  One of the better CS professors I've had.
Collin Engstrom	CS540	GOOD	Solid considering he just started teaching. He's the kind of teacher that's more than happy to walk through entire segments of Homework during class if enough people ask for help.   Easy A if you're good at programming.  Still very manageable even if you're not.
Collin Engstrom	CS540	AWESOME	Fantastic professor. The lectures are great and organized. He is always there to help.
Marvin Solomon	CS367	AWESOME	Awesome prof!  As for the class, there was no textbook, which was  a major plus.  The homework was tricky, the tests were confusing, and the programs weren't bad at all.
Marvin Solomon	CS567	AWESOME	great prof - SO clear. Course is well-designed. Knows what he's doing and can also explain it to others, a rare combination in CS.
Marvin Solomon	CS537	AWESOME	Best CS prof I've had so far. Teaches material well, engages attention fairly well, makes you laugh & keeps you interested, even when material gets boring.  Assignments are of reasonable length and instructional.  Tests quick but can throw you for a loop.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	AWESOME	I loved this course and Karu is a great instructor! He wrote his own (free!) textbook, and he wrote an application that lets you practice various skills needed for the course (ex. assembly language, tracing state machines). These resources were so helpful. It is clear that Prof. Sankaralingam is committed to teaching and he is plenty qualified.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS552	GOOD	Karu is a great instructor. He is passionate about the material and really knows what he's talking about. Projects are long and challenging, but grading is very straightforward. Homework is pretty easy and exams are fair. I recommend taking 552 in the spring with the CS department, as those who teach 552 in the ECE department are not that great.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS552	AWESOME	Karu is a great instructor for this course and has a lot of background knowledge on the topic (he does research with microprocessors). Lectures are easy to understand, but can be a bit boring in the first couple weeks if you already have Verilog experience. Exams are pretty easy, project is long but test scripts used for grading are given to you.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	ECE252	AVERAGE	Karu's a really funny guy, and a really passionate lecturer. Tests were very straightforward (averages around 100% for 3/4 tests). My only qualm with this class was the general inconsistency between the book and lectures/homeworks, although the book we used was brand new so this will probably be better in the future. Textbook simulators were great
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	GOOD	Very excitable teacher. If you pay attention in class you will find success. I skipped class a number of times during the unit on Assembly language, and because of the poor quality of the textbook, there was difficulty in catching up. Textbook is generally decent (was made by a grad student, so it's not legit), but was very lacking for Assembly.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	252	AWESOME	Took Karu for 252 - he's op. Good class, good teacher, good grader.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	GOOD	By far the easiest class I took this semester. Professor Karu is a funny and slightly sarcastic guy. Homework is generally straight forward. Overall, I found CS252 to be an enjoyable experience.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	GOOD	Karu is a good professor. Knows the material and teaches it in a way that clicks. Class is very easy (approx. 50% students got an A). Programming background can help greatly in this course, but would not be required to succeed.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	AWFUL	He has heavy accent and  did not explain the problem clearly.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS552	AWESOME	One of the best professors I've had. The class is a lot of work, but as long as you put in the time, the grading is pretty lenient. If you are going to take this class, I'd highly recommend Karu.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS552	AWESOME	Don't take this class unless you're prepared to do a lot of work. If you need to take the class, Karu is a great professor, and is very helpful with course materials. Don't expect him to catch you up after skipping class or not paying attention though.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	AWFUL	
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS252	AVERAGE	This professor teaches as though the entire class has had prior programming experience when it is clearly and introductory course. Although  the topics covered aren't that hard to grasp, it is still a pain having to keep up with someone who plows through the material without solid explanations. Not the greatest teacher, but manageable.
Karthikeyan Sankaralingam	CS552	GOOD	Great Prof for a difficult class. Makes some good jokes during class too. Responsive for email question on project. Highly recommend!
Michael Swift	CS739	GOOD	Grading is pretty tough.
Michael Swift	CS739	AWESOME	He tends to make you contrast various systems during exams... That's sort of his thing. This can be tough because it makes you transcend the lecture material and draw conclusions on your own. You'll also write lots of reviews on papers; on the upside class credit is a good chunk of your grade.
Michael Swift	CS537	AWESOME	Great professor and great lectures. I learned a lot during his class and it never seemed overwhelming.
Michael Swift	CS537	AWESOME	The biggest advantage of taking Operating Systems with Mike Swift is that he has 8 years of experience at Microsoft, and has a great deal of knowledge and stories to share. The assignments are difficult and your programs are tested very thoroughly. There is a decent amount of work, but you will learn a lot.
Michael Swift	CS537	GOOD	The class is average difficulty. Expect to spend time on the projects. The things tested for aren't covered explicitly, you have to use your brain and common sense to infer the answers, which isn't hard. His lectures go fast and can be hard to follow, but he's a friendly guy and jokes around.
Charles Dyer	CS540	GOOD	Class was extremely interesting and Chuck was obviously passionate about the subject. The class was a bit on the easy side, but it was still a 500-level CS course, so there was a decent amount of work to do. I'd recommend the class to any CS major.
Charles Dyer	CS540	POOR	I did not find his lectures very easy to follow. I took this in the summer, so it was even worse when he tried to cram everything in the end. I mostly skipped his lectures and made a complete note sheet containing much of his lecture slides. I found that he likes to re-use very old exam questions, and the tests are fair.
Charles Dyer	CS540	AWESOME	Chuck is a really nice guy and great professor. Clearly cares about the material and knows what he is talking about. He's the kind of guy that sits down on the floor with you as he is walking out for the day to help you with a problem. Great demeanor and always open to feedback and suggestions.
Charles Dyer	CS534	GOOD	"First half of the semester consists of individual homework assignments (programs), that I found to be difficult and time consuming. At the midpoint of the semester, there is the one and only exam in the course which is difficult, but you are allowed a ""cheat sheet"" and the curve was pretty generous. Last half you work in a group on a final project."
Charles Dyer	CS534	AWESOME	Lectures were clear and the topics were explained at a good level of detail. He explains the main intuition behind algorithms/concepts without too many distracting technical details but could elaborate later. Assignments were fun and interesting, and the final project allows you the freedom to do your own project.
Charles Dyer	CS534	AWESOME	Really cool professor. He didn't belabor the specifics of a lot of the content, but was always willing to explain more if people were curious. The assignments were some of the most enjoyable I've had at UW.
Charles Dyer	CS540	AWESOME	If you want to understand AI, Dyer is an amazing and fun professor. He provides engaging explanations for topics and class and linked me to resources to help brush up on my math. As with most coding classes, the projects can be tough and at the whim of the TAs; however, the problems and goals were always clear. Practice concepts for the exams!
Charles Dyer	540	GOOD	There's something wrong with the design of the class after the 1st exam. The class takes a nonsequitur route into material that's best primed by many other classes. like economics,statistics,psychology. Unloading all that info at once was not helpful; it just made me mad that I watched the knowledge go by wo being able to learn it properly
Charles Dyer	CS540	AWESOME	Really nice prof. Very helpful and you get to learn a lot!
Charles Dyer	CS540	AWESOME	CS 540 is a good class, and Chuck Dyer is a good professor. The class was quite hard for me, however I did have a high interest which is what helped a lot. Chuck can be a bit dry at times, but he's an extremely friendly and kind individual. Went to office hours and he was very helpful. I highly recommend, but be prepared to read and work a LOT!
Charles Dyer	CS534	AWESOME	Computational Photography is a really great class. Prof. Dyer is obviously really invested in the material and lectures are interesting. There's only one test, which is pretty hard, but you get a cheat sheet.
Charles Dyer	CS540	AWESOME	Very good professor. Very clear and easy to listen to. Knows his stuff! Homework is as hard as they say but is an excellent way to master the material. Among the best in his department.
Charles Dyer	CS540	GOOD	No Comments
Charles Dyer	CS540	GOOD	Homework take a lot of time, but you learn a lot from it. The notes he provides are incomplete. Some notes are in the book, others in powerpoint slides and some thing you need to know are only discussed in lecture so you have to go searching between a few different places to find what you're looking for. A pretty good prof.
Charles Dyer	CS540	GOOD	Very enthusiastic and helpful.  Exams tend to be tough (usually an extension of, rather than a regurgitation of presented material) and homework requires a lot of effort.  My advice is to take Calculus prior to this class.  There is a lot of math notation used which can be confusing to those who haven't had Calculus.
Drew Davidson	CS536	GOOD	Drew does an excellent job of explaining important concepts in his lectures. He does a great job of reading the room, and going into more detail on subjects that students are struggling with. I always had the opportunity to ask questions and have things explained if needed. Very good instructor, understands compilers well, and cares about students.
Drew Davidson	CS536	AWESOME	Drew was an amazing teacher. He put a ton of time into the class and explains things very well. He responds to Piazza usually in under 10 minutes if there are any questions.
Mark Hill	CS757	AWESOME	Mark is an extremely smart guy, yet is pretty good at conveying information to students. He has both industry and academia experience, leading to helpful stories to give good practical knowledge instead of purely theoretical. I personally found him very funny, and glad to have an expert in the field teach a critical class for Computer Architects
Mark Hill	COMPSCI252	AVERAGE	He is a pretty average teacher, and is alright at explaining things. I never once used the book, as the relevant information can be found in the lecture slides. The class was very easy IF you have a programming background. Be prepared to work harder if you have no prior knowledge of programming. Tests and homeworks were VERY easy.
Mark Hill	ECE252	AWESOME	Good professor. He's great at explaining concepts, and generally the lectures aren't too unbearable. Homework and tests are fair, and not too difficult.
Mark Hill	ECE252	AWESOME	Though the class moved a bit slowly at times, Hill's lectures were very engaging and clear.  He explained new concepts very throughly, and was easy to follow.  I never once had to crack open the textbook.
Mark Hill	CS354	GOOD	Fairly good professor, good grasp of material and good at explaining stuff. Online lecture notes are fairly comprehensive, but his hand writing isn't the greatest, so sometimes its hard to read what he's writing on the board.
Mark Hill	CS352	POOR	He was completely unprepared to teach programming topics.  His examples are often buggy, and he claims his lectures are &quot;only guidelines,&quot; urging students to learn the material on their own (in a class without a textbook!) He reads from notes not written by him, and messes up a lot.  His handwriting is terrible. Do NOT take him!
Mark Hill	ECE252	GOOD	A solid professor. He has a very clear voice. The class was pretty tough because the instruction wasn't always what was needed for the assignments. The book was confusing. I was lucky that my partner really knew what he was doing. Overall, it's a pretty good course and I was able to get an A.
Mark Hill	CS757	AWESOME	Despite being a world expert in his field, he isn't a stuffy research professor. Mark shows genuine care and enthusiasm for the university and its students. As some reviewers have mentioned, his handwriting is atrocious, but other than that he does a great job of presenting material in a clear and ordered fashion.
Mark Hill	ECE252	POOR	students with a background in programming should have no problem with this class or professor...students with little or no programming experience (like myself) will probably find the class very challenging...prof has awful handwriting and doesn't do a good job of teaching the material...MUST READ BOOK!
Mark Hill	ECE252	AWESOME	This class is all about learning how computers work at a low level, and then building up from there.  Homework was generally easy, and exams were pretty painless.  Pay attention in lecture:  material from lecture can show up on the exam.  He lectures pretty closely to the book most of the time, so if you can't read his writing well, bring the book.
Mark Hill	ECE252	GOOD	This class helped me understand the basics of computers. He knows his stuff, but makes occasional mistakes and is a horrible scribe on a board. Read the book, do the homework, listen in class, and you should do fine.
Mark Hill	CSECE354	AVERAGE	One of the most boring profs I've had -- I did the crossword every day.  Didn't teach concepts well, assignments terrible, grading inconsistent, programs long, tests extremely poorly written, book only somewhat informative.
Scott Swanson	CS367	AVERAGE	Seems to hold his classes as less of a priority than his day job, so assignments are not graded, not returned, etc.  Exams are very tough without adequate time to take them.  Lectures are unfocussed and are often only semi-related to the class.  But very knowledgable and interesting, and his lectures are entertaining.
Gurindar Sohi	CS252	GOOD	He goes over a ton of tedious examples by hand, which can be helpful if you are struggling with the material, but if you aren't then you will fall asleep. The exams are extremely similar to the exams from previous years that he provides you, so if you study those then you will do totally fine.
Gurindar Sohi	CS252	AVERAGE	He is a cool guy, but 252 is a bad class.  The programming assignments in LC-3 near the end of the semester are awful, and take tons of time, but you will still do poorly on them.  Lectures aren't entirely useful, as all of the slides are online
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	POOR	Guri was a good teacher, but his online posts made me feel terrible. He was incredibly rude over online help sources like Piazza. He was condescending and the homework was illogical. The homework started easy, and then picked up to over 12 hours on one homework to still have the class average be a 40%.
Gurindar Sohi	CS252	GOOD	Professor Sohi is very passionate about what he teaches, but lectures are not always super helpful and the book is needed to clear things up sometimes. Make sure you study hard for tests and understand conceptually how to apply the things you've learned in class
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	GOOD	Sohi is straight forward and to the point. No quizzes. He accounts exams for 70 percent and Homework as 30 percent. There was no final but rather a Midterm 4 about the last few chapters. Homework can get lengthy and complicated over the course of the semester, especially after learning LC-3 machine code. Class consists of him talking about slides.
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AWESOME	First half of class moves pretty slow, but hey, I understand binary and binary arithmetic super well. Pretty easy class with straight forward exams and Guri is really good about explaining any confusions you may have if you talk to him after class. I found the textbook really nice for reviewing before the exams as well.
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AWESOME	Excellent professor! He makes the dry topic bearable, even to those that don't seem to be interested. On top of it he was a stellar background in the field. The tests aren't super easy but are very doable for A range. The only bad thing about the class is that its only 2 credits with 3 cr worth of work. Still, highly recommend this professor!
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AWESOME	Excellent Professor. Topics can get extremely boring at times. Very fair class. Not too difficult.
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AWESOME	The best professor I had so far
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AWESOME	Harder than the reviews below made me think. I knew nothing about CS before this class. There are 4 exams. The 3rd was hard. Reviewing the old exams alone didn't prepare me for that one. I needed real understanding of the material. Be prepared to put a lot of work into the last few weeks of this class. It's a good class. It made me want to study CS
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AVERAGE	Really easy class, but expected to be bored as he goes really, really slowly reciting entire strings of binary. Probably, don't really need to attend class and should have an easy time with it.
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	GOOD	He was alright, wasn't that helpful if you ask questions but overall his tests were really easy. Just study the old tests and you will be fine. He is pretty clear actually, don't get confused by his name. Getting an A in his class is not that hard.
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AVERAGE	Really boring.  Expect to fall asleep to the sound of Prof. Sohi reciting lines of binary code, one digit at a time.  However, he is extremely easy.  If you can't get an A in his class, you probably shouldn't be at Madison.
Gurindar Sohi	ECE252	AVERAGE	Nothing special.  You can get away with skipping lecture and just studying old versions of his midterms and you'll be just fine.
Gurindar Sohi	CS252	GOOD	If you do all the work this class is pretty easy. Top 7 of 8 homework assignments make up 30% of your grade, 4 midterms (no final) make up the other 70%. I only did half the h/w assignments, ended up with 76/100 points and got a B. On the course website he posts practice exams and you can find past ones from other professors, study these!!!
Laura Legault	CS301	GOOD	Hobbes' lectures were organized, thorough, and easy to code with. This, in turn, made the assignments and midterms fair. I had my reservations about computer science upon enrolling in this class, but the professor made it bearable. Take 301 if you have the chance.
Laura Legault	CS301	AVERAGE	"Hobbes was a great prof. The class was taught at a good speed and her explanations were very thorough. The homework assignments aren't too bad at all. However, I will say that the grading criteria is ambiguous.  Never knew where I stood in the class because only a single distribution was released after the first mid-term. The ""textbook"" is a joke."
Laura Legault	CS301	GOOD	She's not very helpful on Piazza, so attending lecture is a must if you want to excel.  However, if you do attend lecture, you'll be sure to ace the midterms and breeze through the homework assignments.  Overall decent professor, I recommend her if you need CS301.
Laura Legault	CS301	AWESOME	This class is a great introduction to programming and computer science. The topics are covered at a manageable pace and the lectures are clear. She is extremely accessible and provides a lot of resources to help you succeed in the class. Overall, she is a great professor and I would highly recommend her.
Laura Legault	CS301	AWESOME	Learned a lot, had a lot of fun. Hobbes is an outstanding teacher. Lectures were thorough and taught at a nice pace. Programming during class was really helpful. Weekly programs weren't bad at all and were fun to do. This was one of the first classes I've taken where I actually feel like I learned stuff that could apply outside of class. Awesome.
Laura Legault	CS301	AWESOME	"Hobbes is just amazing! She ""changed"" my major from sociology to computer science, while an instructor of 302 ""makes"" students quit CS. From 301 you will have a solid understanding of programming. I read the e-book she sent me to pick up some Java syntax over the winter break and took CS367 directly.  Eventually I got 95/100 in 367 (A is  88)."
Laura Legault	CS301	AWESOME	She teaches the material well and doesn't make the tests overly difficult. There are weekly programs that vary in difficulty, but most aren't bad. There are three tests and no final. Help is there if you need it, but you could go through the whole semester without going to class or tutoring and probably be fine.
Laura Legault	CS301	GOOD	I completed code academy's (google it) python course prior to taking 301 and the course was a breeze. Would definitely recommend doing that if you don't have coding experience. Weekly assignments that take 2 hours.  She runs a relaxed class, pace of lecture is fairly slow which is nice for learning. Recommend!
Laura Legault	CS301	AVERAGE	Prof. Hobbes is very good at teaching. Often help out student during her lab hours. However, the sample exam are not useful. The actual exam is much harder with way more questions  than the sample exam. The homework are sometimes very difficult and not related to the class materials.
Laura Legault	CS301	AVERAGE	Hobbes is an awesome teacher. However, weekly programs are sometime not related to lecture at all. You can skip all the lectures. Tests aren't bad either. My only complaint is that the grading seems ambiguous.
Laura Legault	CS301	AWESOME	Hobbes is an awesome teacher. Weekly programs are extremely easy and require only 1-2 hours of work. Tests aren't bad either. Her lectures are enjoyable; my only complaint is that she taught as if we were second graders - way  TOO thorough. I felt I had grasped the concepts long before she was done teaching them, but that's not the worst thing.
Laura Legault	CS302	AWESOME	She did a great job making the lectures fun and coming up with fun, useful programs. She encouraged students to look outside of the class scope to improve their skills. The class was dull at times but the content was clearly explained.
Laura Legault	CS301	AWESOME	"I have nothing to say about Hobbes' teaching ability. Fantastic teaching style and patient assistance after class or in the lab. BUT, let me put in this way, if next time you know that your exam is god-damn hard, plz dont put words like ""but questions are of comparable difficulty to the questions you will encounter on the exam."""
Laura Legault	CS301	AVERAGE	Watch out for her. She is nice overall but if you do something on accident that goes against CS rules she will burn you. Following rules are important but lets just say if you were holding onto a ledge for dear life, she would be the one to watch you and not lend a hand when you REALLY need it.  No empathy from her. Try to take another instructor.
Laura Legault	CS302	AWESOME	Excellent at teaching. Makes the class fun without compromising the content; you'll learn because she makes you want to. Would highly recommend taking any class you can with her.
Laura Legault	COMPSCI302	AWESOME	I absolutely loved 302. Hobbes (Prof. Legault) is an amazing instructor - I had no previous CS experience going into this class and I feel pretty comfortable coding basic programs in Java now. Her lectures are organized and she codes along with you in class, which I found to be really, really helpful. 302 is challenging but fun - take this class!
Laura Legault	CS302	AWESOME	Great instructor. I was worried I wouldn't be able to keep up with everyone else but she explains everything so well it was never a problem.
Laura Legault	CS302	AWESOME	Having Hobbes as a 302 professor was a delight. She explained everything we went through, and kept the dry topics interesting. Definitely a good professor choice to make if you're taking 302
Laura Legault	CS302	GOOD	Nerdy, fun, but gets off topic sometimes. Lectures move slowly. Definitely not an easy class for people who have no programming experience, but it can be done.
Laura Legault	302	AWESOME	I enjoyed lecture a lot. Bring your computer so you can program along with; it'll really help you get the concepts without having to go back later as much. She also seems like a very cool person to know. At one point someone in my lecture made a (bad) pun, and she apparently told her later lecture about it.
Loris D'Antoni	CS536	POOR	His teaching style doesn't help you learn the material at all. Slides basically summarized the online reading but were full of errors. If you want to see a funny guy, take his class. If you want a good teacher, avoid him.
Loris D'Antoni	CS536	AWESOME	Making sure that  concepts are understood is clearly a priority for him. Homework assignments and projects reinforce concepts, and tests are fair.
Loris D'Antoni	CS536	GOOD	Good professor - I only went to class a few times because the slides/online notes were very good. Pretty good amount of work, but not too conceptually difficult.
Loris D'Antoni	CS536	GOOD	I took a chance taking a class with Loris this semester, as he wasn't even listed on this site. Thankfully that turned out pretty well; he's far from a bad instructor, though he can be a bit blunt at times. The material is very theoretical at first, but not too confusing once you begin applying it. He's also pretty funny, so that's a plus.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AVERAGE	He knows the stuff, but don't know how to explain it. He is getting better and useful office hours.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Worst Professor I have ever had.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Both of the instructor and TAs are irresponsible!! Terrible course. Terrible TAs.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	POOR	Ambuj is really a nice guy.  The only thing is that the projects in that class become real bad, real fast.  Also, while he's super sweet, he doesn't do the projects ahead of time and allows TAs not to take (test) the midterms (therefore he doesn't understand how hard/long they are) so he's not very helpful in office hours either.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	GOOD	The other reviews seem too harsh. Ambuj is a very nice guy, easy to approach and very responsive.  It's his first semester and even though the lectures are not perfect he did try his best. Database is not the most interesting subject in CS anyway, so don't criticize him on everything.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Get the textbook, DO NOT DO NOT rely on the online free pdf. It has too many misprints and it decreases your motivation to read. Reading from the textbook taught me more about databases than this fake professor ever did
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Started out the semester with very unorganized power points, which he would just read from during lecture.  Then half way through he stopped using them and just lectured off the black boar and lectures became a jumble of random information.  It seems his motivation for teaching us went down with our ability to call him a legitimate professor.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Do not take at all costs for trying to learn the material. Ready to drown myself solely because of this class. Exams have nothing to do with the material taught in class from the professor, homeworks aren't related either. I just want to escape this class with a C. Grading for the class is not at all clear either.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	The worst instructor I've ever had. Avoid him. He is not organized at all, including the lectures and slides. And the test has nothing similar to the previous ones; he will give you random questions as his random course materials.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Ambuj is the easily worst professor I've had and I think the dept needs to reevaluate whether they want him to teach any class again. He bases his tests on what he thinks he teaches during lecture, so the book only helps minimally. The final tomorrow should be interesting. Never take a class with him; I can honestly say I haven't learned anything.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Ambuj knows the materials, but is not very organized and doesn't know to teach. Not many people go to class.
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AWFUL	Ambuj is not a teacher at all.  It is extremely difficult to understand the content of what he is trying to teach.  The book helps a lot with understanding the material, but apparently the exams are based on his lecture only.  His lectures are a jumble of concepts and he doesn't use the blackboard correctly (he writes the bare minimum of stuff)
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	AVERAGE	Ambuj is a wonderful and very kind.  He is very knowledgeable about the topic of databases, but he is a new professor and new to teaching, so i found it a bit difficult to adjust to his style.  He's a very smart guy,  just not the best at teaching the material, which unfortunately is the most important part.  Textbook saved me in this class. :)
Ambuj Shatdal	CS564	POOR	No doubt Ambuj knows the subject very well. He knows how to do the things he's trying to teach, but he's horrible at conveying his knowledge to his students through his teachings. Kind, laid back guy, but his teaching style is a little to laid back, so much so that you never really know what he expects students to know for exams.
Rahul Nayar	ECE252	AWFUL	Just don't.
Rahul Nayar	CS252	AWFUL	"Even if you figure out words he says, he doesn't explain HOW he does any of the things in class and just tells you to do them. ""Here's an example, please work on it."" (confused students' faces stare at board) ""Alright you seem confused, please work on another example."" Might as well skip and watch YouTube video on the content instead. Stay away."
Rahul Nayar	ECE252	AWFUL	He seems to have a misunderstanding of what teaching means... he doesn't do it... at all. He goes through many examples but doesn't describe them very well nor does he teach you how to do the content before doing the examples
Rahul Nayar	CS252	AWFUL	Hold his clip on mic instead of clipping it on. He just quizes you on the information before teaching it (half the class time)
Eftychios Sifakis	CS559	GOOD	Sifakis' Computer Graphics class was well-taught. He went with the goal of not having the class become very involved in math but also introduce major concepts in graphics. Prepare for learning how to code in JavaScript and using matrix libraries. The amount of examples he provides helped a lot for me in coding assignments which are highly weighted.
Eftychios Sifakis	CS559	AWESOME	I guess the difficulty of this course is caused by the course content instead of the professor. Computer graphic, with javascript can be quite intimidating, which makes it a 5 level course. Professor Sifakis actually is pretty nice. His lecture is more conceptual than practical, and really care about the student.
Eftychios Sifakis	CS559	AWESOME	Honestly I am struggling through this course, but the professor is just so insightful. His lecture is a pure enjoyment. He explains everything in the most intuitive way and is definitely capable of doing so. For example, he teaches us the math we need in a pragmatic way which avoids boring proofs and definitions. Tolerant about late homework too.
Eftychios Sifakis	CS559	AWFUL	"Grading rubric for class is: ""If you have everything 'OK', including hw and exam, you will get a B. If you did 'OK' on hw but get really good grades on the exam, then you will possibly get a higher letter grade. OK for the exam:  not clearly below the median OK for the programming assignment: get 3 for all of them"" And that is all the info you get."
Eftychios Sifakis	CS559	POOR	The organization of this class was beyond horrible. Constantly changing deadlines, assignment posts copied word for word from previous semesters without updating for our context, clarifications took days, we used a textbook that was half finished. On top of that, lecture was essentially useless. At least you get to make cool looking stuff
Eftychios Sifakis	CS559	POOR	Honestly he is a horrible professor. Nothing we do in class correlates to the homework and I have yet to walk out of class not frustrated that he didn't waste my time. I'm sure I'll do fine in the class but I was very excited to learn HTML and JavaScript and I have learned 0 this semester.
Eftychios Sifakis	CS412	GOOD	I thought the material in this class was pretty hard. Very math-y as CS goes. He's obviously very smart, and he's not too difficult to understand. There is no textbook so you have to rely very heavily on his notes. Tests are weighted heavily. Wouldn't recommend it if you didn't enjoy calc 3.
Ben Liblit	CS506	AVERAGE	The concepts taught in lecture are not taught early enough an in enough detail to adequately prepare students for the project. He expects a lot from students; this course is a lot of work, and grading is tough.
Ben Liblit	CS506	GOOD	This class is tough but is probably the most rewarding class I've taken as a CS major. The majority (63%) of your grade is your project grade. It is affected by the quality of your group's work, as well as a peer review scaling factor done by your group. The biggest downfall of this course is there was one TA for 77 people, and she wasn't the best.
Ben Liblit	CS638	AWESOME	Don't take this course (Software Engineering) with him for an A - check out past grade distributions if you don't believe me. But do take this for an extremely enjoyable and enthusiastic professor who cares about the material, teaches awesome material, and has set up an amazing semester-wide project experience.
Ben Liblit	CS638	AVERAGE	Liblit is a very enjoyable professor. Good teacher, cares about student's learning, interesting class. But the class suffers from serious flaws. Grading is absurd, homework is basically useless busy work.. The class could've been great but his quirks are also his pitfalls. LOVES BUGS
Ben Liblit	CS638	AWESOME	Pretty easy to listen to, throws in some nerd humor once in awhile. He kind of sounds like a Sesame Street character so that's kind of awesome. Although the majority of the grade is based on the project, there's a lot of writing involved for Specifications and stuff. Very helpful though when asking questions or for advice. Overall, he's solid.
Ben Liblit	CS367	AWESOME	Hands down best professor I've ever had. He's very clear, lectures are actually fun, and he's always willing to help. His use of real-world applications to the material we're learning is great too. I can't recommend Ben enough. Take as many classes as you can with him.
Paul Barford	CS640	GOOD	Very good lecturer. A lot of details are presented in this course, and he makes them all crystal clear, though it is difficult to keep track of them all. Quizzes/exams are difficult.
Paul Barford	CS640	AVERAGE	Super difficult quizzes and exams which focus on memorizing small details on subjects. Lectures were interesting for the most part, but a lot of information is presented in the lectures.
Paul Barford	CS640	AWESOME	Barford is very knowledgable in the material.  He takes difficult topics and makes them easy to understand.  He teaches them so clearly that I rarely relied on the book to reinforce the concepts.  He lectures on everything you need to know in the quizzes and exams, and he makes clear what to expect on them.
Paul Barford	CS638	AWESOME	Barford is an unbelievably good resource for students. His copious amount of knowledge in the field as well as generally phenomenal insight into any situation made this class phenomenal. Genuinely cares about your product and your learning.
Paul Barford	CS640	AVERAGE	He is a good teacher. But the exam is too weird that you can only know what he is asking after you see the answers. If you would take his class, then good luck.
Paul Barford	CS640	GOOD	Excellent teacher and very knowledgeable in the field.  A high-level mover and shaker, so it's exciting to having him teaching an undergraduate class.  On the down-side, the guy cannot write exams and his exams can be extremely hard and pedantic with an emphasis on memorization of minute details.  Study hard, do all the work and you may do well.
Cristian Estan	CS838	AVERAGE	Nice guy, slow phase, not clear.
Cristian Estan	CS369	AVERAGE	His lectures provide an overview of the topic, mostly theoretical. For this course, he made up all the lectures by compiling about 10 different books (so there was no course book). He put readings online and was fairly helpful at office hours. For projects, you're expected to fill in the gaps by doing research on your own time. Pretty tough class.
Hidayath Ansari	CS368	GOOD	Considering the class is more of a self-taught C++ course, he did a good job to highlight the major points one should know about the language. You could more than get by without lecture, but he took attendance(once a week for 50mins). His explanations were pretty good, but I've heard better from other professors, overall pretty decent dude.
Hidayath Ansari	CS367	AWESOME	Really nice guy who is always there to help. Offers pre-lecture note sheets for you to help keep you on track. Easy grader for programs, but exams are pretty difficult. Overall a cool guy and a good teacher.
Susan Horwitz	CS701	GOOD	Great Professor. loved the course
Susan Horwitz	CS367	AWESOME	A great professor. Her notes are awesome lectures are clear and fun. She encourages group work and keeps the class entertaining. Exams are ok not too bad, curves are good but overall a great lecturer. Take her if u can
Susan Horwitz	CS367	AWESOME	Excellent lecturer. Superb relevance and clarity in covered material, and even more impressive--she gets rooms full of stodgy male comp sci majors to get up and play with toys and make silly noises. Thoroughly enjoyable. Class requires a fair amount of work, but all is appropriate.
Susan Horwitz	CS367	GOOD	No Comments
Scott Alfeld	CS540	AWESOME	Really knowledgeable  in his area of expertise. Very relaxed teaching style, but answers questions very clearly and in a way that is easy to understand. Always responds to emails with detailed answers. His exams were rather hard, and programs were challenging, but I feel i learned more in his 540 class than i would have with any other professor.
Scott Alfeld	CS540	AWESOME	Loves his area of expertise and it shows. Explains things clearly and concisely and has fun with it. Really relaxed teaching style while still being super knowledgeable about the topic, but the material isn't going to necessarily be easy. One of my favorite teachers to date.
Gautam Prakriya	CS240	AWESOME	Teaches to the dumbest in the class. Clearly an intro class.
Gautam Prakriya	66309	GOOD	Very clear and detailed in lecture. He works hard writing everything up on the chalkboard. He knows the material in and out.
Gautam Prakriya	CS577	GOOD	Very nice TA for CS577. Go to guy to ask for help. Also very smart.
Sushmita Roy	576	GOOD	It is easy for cs students like me. For those who are in biology... I am not sure how you feel. The course is a quite useful intro course for people who want to do research in bioinformatics.
Sushmita Roy	CS576	POOR	Don't take this class unless you have previous algorithms, statitstics and biology courses. She doesn't explain the algorithms well enough to understand and examples in the slides are not present. If you ask a question, prepare to get into an argument with her about why you don't understand. Midterm is also very difficult, not enough time.
David Dewitt	CS564	AWESOME	Great professor, keeps material fresh with interesting side-notes and actually funny jokes. Very approachable, patient and easy to understand.
Jesse Holzer	CS412	AWFUL	He is a terrible teacher.  Midterm was based on concepts barely mentioned and had almost nothing to do with homework or examples.  Do not take the class with him if you want a teacher who can teach.
Jesse Holzer	CS525	AWESOME	I liked the examples he used to be clear in explaining tough concepts. Maybe because he is a graduate student,but he was definitely more down to earth and accessible during office hours. This made the learning experience much easier for me as A. I am not a computer science student B. I suck at math.. Very satisfied with what I've achieved.
Jesse Holzer	CS525	AWESOME	Excellent professor and a very informative class. Prof. Holzer always made himself available to meet outside of class to clarify material. Overall, very fun and taught well.
Jesse Holzer	CS525	POOR	He is a bad teacher.. Can't teach even to save his own life.. In the initial part of the course, when things were easy, he followed the book page by page. When things started to get complex, he started teaching his own material. In the final exam, he gave questions worth 64 points on subject matter he had taught in the very last week (3 classes)..
Jesse Holzer	CS525	AWFUL	he just could not clarify anything.. continually making mistakes in class and instruction is like reading textbook out loud. even though he does not speak loud enough. he was like showing something all by himself and no interactions. too many homework with careless grading coming a month later.
Chris RE	CS764	AWFUL	Very heavy workload. Bad lectures. Unrelated midterm exam. Unclear grading scale. Professor often skips his classes.
Finn Kuusisto	CS302	AWESOME	He's so funny! The lecture is well designed. But you gotta spend some time analyzing the lecture notes. Those are extremely important. Reading textbook is not really helpful. So do go to the lec!!
Finn Kuusisto	CS302	AWESOME	Amazing teacher, super cute and is really passionate about the material. He is really helpful on all of the programming assignments and teaches things in a manner anyone can understand. I am so happy I had Finn. Definitely recommend him as a professor!!!! &lt;3 Finn
Finn Kuusisto	CS302	AWESOME	Technically, He's a TA. Still, this guy is freaking awesome. Nice guy, very helpful, and makes the material interesting. I'm not a computer science kind of guy, but I was easily able to get an A because of his helpfulness. I sincerely hope Finn decides to become a professor, but I think he'll be off to do bigger and better things soon.
Finn Kuusisto	CS302	AWESOME	Awesome. The best instructor you could hope for.
Suman Banerjee	CS407	GOOD	Course is a bit disorganized. The project is really all that matters, and he is a relatively generous grader if you put in th effort.
Suman Banerjee	CS407	AWESOME	Prof. Banerjee, Micky and the TAs were knowledgeable and are good at explaining topics. The class was a bit disorganized so if you like step-by-step instruction, you're better off with another class. If you want freedom to work on a project you've had on the back-burner and/or like picking up topics on-the-fly, you'll enjoy the class.
Suman Banerjee	CS407	GOOD	Three week cram session on learning iOS or Android is not sufficient. You will do most of your learning on your own. Suman's lectures consist of him reading from his slides and talking about network protocols and communications. Guest speakers are sometimes interesting. Really just need to do the project to get an A although there are two midterms
Suman Banerjee	ECE707	AWESOME	Great class, well organized, homeworks re-enforced concepts from lecture, exams were very fair.
Suman Banerjee	CS407	GOOD	There were two fairly hard midterms and a few homework assignments, but the majority of your grade was based on having a working app at the end. You have to teach yourself most of the coding. In class he likes to lecture about related, but not necessarily helpful topics. Not a bad class, pretty easy A.
Emily Jacobson	CS537	GOOD	She's a good prof and very helpful and willing to spend time with you in office hours. But you are never sure what to expect on quizzes.
Emily Jacobson	CS537	AWESOME	Fun teacher. She's very intelligent and confident. Quizzes are 50/50 if you're gonna do well or not, even if you study. Lecture is very important/useful, she's great at answering most questions, and she's very helpful. I learned a lot from her and would recommend her to anyone. She's not easy or hard, I'd say a good middle.
Michael Gleicher	CS559	AVERAGE	Mike is very knowledgable and cares for his students success.  But that's about all he has going for him.  Lectures are disorganized, the PowerPoints are not useful, and he rarely provides examples on the concepts he is teaching.  Homework requirements weren't clearly stated.  Exams were reasonable, but not easy if you didn't study.
Michael Gleicher	CS559	AWESOME	Class now taught with WebGL, project based. Prof does GREAT job of mitigating large class and individual needs through a class forum, good handpicked resources and help sessions. He expects the best, will push you and the material is difficult if you haven't seen it. Bottom line: this class is the most fun and educational one I've had here.
Michael Gleicher	CS559	AVERAGE	If you take this professor, make sure you like to and are good at teaching yourself because the material he provides is no help at all in completing assignments and the lectures are very frustrating. I do not recommend taking a class with this professor
Michael Gleicher	CS559	AWESOME	His class was actually more difficult for me than I rated, but I had little C++ experience and no OpenGL experience.  He gives good example programs and a base for you to start projects from.  The projects take a LOT of time to complete even with help (more than cs540).  He teaches more theory than practice, but the projects are still very fun
Parmesh Ramanathan	CS552	AWFUL	Worst professor I have had in my four years. Absolutely no guidelines for the major project that's going to take 120+ hours and it's only worth 30% of the final grade. Exams are horribly tough (30% of the class got below a 50% on the midterm). Really hard to understand him in lecture. Would not advise taking him for any class.
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE551	AWFUL	Lost all interest in this topic. He has no expectations for what will be on the exam but still weighs the class heavily on the outcome.
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE552	AWFUL	Parmesh cares so little about his class that it's almost insulting.  His slides were made by Mike Morrow and his homeworks are recycled form years past.  AVOID HIM!
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE551	AWFUL	Please don't take ECE 551 when he is offering. His class will drop your interest level in course to a zero level. There will be a term project which will have so vague specifications that you will have no clue as to how to proceed. He does not help in projects and avoids the pertinent areas of the course.
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE551	AWFUL	Just Bad.
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE551	AWFUL	One of the worst professors I have ever had.  Just reads off lecture slides in class that someone else wrote.  I wish I could give negative values for his interest level.  His project is the most convoluted piece of junk I have ever had to work on.  He does not know what is going on in the class, nor does he care.  Avoid this terrible professor!
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE551	AWFUL	If you want to learn anything at all, DO NOT TAKE the class with him. Doesn't care about the class. Doesn't even make his own slides. Has no idea what to do in class.
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE252	GOOD	not all that good .. he was okay until we hit assembly language then he drastically went down hill, i thought, especially after he started using power point slides ... HW is tough but you are in groups of 3 ppl .. understanding the hw is very crucial in getting a good score on midterms.
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE252	AVERAGE	No Comments
Parmesh Ramanathan	ECE252	GOOD	Very nice professor, has an accent but if you listen in lecture you're okay. Homeworks are in groups of three and reading the book outside of class is useful. The book isn't particularly helpful though, so sometimes you just have to do your best. No final, just four equally weighted midterms, all very fair. Good class.
Paris Koutris	CS564	AWESOME	He is very willing to improve his teaching skill and he is trying his best to make lectures as easy as you can understand them. I think he can be one of the best teachers in CS department finally.
Paris Koutris	CS564	GOOD	The course went at a fast pace and the programming assignments required a lot of work. Paris is a decent teacher and cares about the class. He also did a good job at explaining some highly theoretical concepts.
Paris Koutris	CS838	GOOD	Paris's area of expertise is Database Theory and boy is he good at that. For people interested in theoretical foundations for databases, this is the guy and class to take. He teaches the concepts amazingly well, his examples are really good and the lecture notes highly readable. You need to know probability and theory a bit though. He's hot ;-)
Paris Koutris	CS564	AVERAGE	This was his first semester teaching and honestly I think he deserves a bit more credit than he's getting. He seems like a great guy and everything but this was obviously his first time teaching. If he's teaching something more theoretical then I would consider taking his class again.
Paris Koutris	CS564	AWFUL	Worst professor I've had in my 4.5 years at this school. Taught the simple basics in class, but the homeworks, projects, and exams are 10x harder and contain things not even taught in lecture. Lecture slides are mistake filled and not very clear. Projects take a LOT of time, the project took more than 55 hours to do and  only got 2 week to work on
Paris Koutris	CS564	AWFUL	The homeworks and class examples did not in any way reflect the difficulty of the exam nor the answers that would be expected. Lectures were long and boring and his slides and explanations during lecture were poor. Questions often confused him. Assignment and due dates for projects were very poorly considered most the time.
Paris Koutris	CS564	AWFUL	First exam had no partial credit. Homework has hardly partial credit. If you suck at proofs or programming avoid this class and take something else. Anything else. Take statistics, take calculus, take gender and women studies 101, anything but this. Literally could not stand this class.
Paris Koutris	CS564	AWFUL	Definitely the worst offering of CS 564 thus far. Way too theoretical with bad explanations and high expectations. Professor seems at least somewhat polite which is good, and he's also brand new out of school, so probably deserves a break. For at least a semester or two, I highly recommend avoiding the course.
Paris Koutris	CS564	POOR	Paris is the guy that you wanna try your best to avoid. If this class was not curved then most of class have failed their first exam (avg 45/100). A lot of classmates complain about the project being too hard and not given enough time to complete, and some ppl even rage quit, but he simply ignores them. Well, keep calm and get rekt.
Yusef Sohail	CS564	AWESOME	Professor Sohail caught me when I was falling. Tumbling down towards a veritable crack fit to be fallen through, Professor Sohail extended himself with email help and even a Skype for help on a demanding 564 homework. He is a font of wisdom and CS knowledge, always ready to help.
Yusef Sohail	CS354	AWESOME	CS 354 is a pretty good class. He's definitely no Karen Miller, but a close second for sure. Learned the newest remote-tracking technology, found my old remote in a Special K cereal box! 7/8 would t8ke again
Yusef Sohail	CS537	GOOD	Amazing professor. The best probably in the field.
Yusef Sohail	CS559	AWESOME	Yusef is the rare professor with both a profoundly deep knowledge of subject matter and a gift for communicating it to the masses. Despite his busy schedule, he's always happy to spend extra time guiding you along in your graphics journey, because he really, truly cares, and wants you to succeed,  in the class, as well as life in general.
Yusef Sohail	CS123	AWESOME	Yusuf is 10/10
Yusef Sohail	CS559	AWESOME	By far the most difficult, but rewarding, course I've taken. Professor Sohail's is a great lecturer. He keeps the class engaged and has plenty of funny stories to tell. Ask about his smoothies!
Yusef Sohail	CSLIFE	AWESOME	Only reason I passed the class, still unsure what I'm doing, though.
Yusef Sohail	CS559	AWESOME	Makes graphics easy enough for a 12 year old to understand!
Yusef Sohail	IRL	AWESOME	Very knowledgeable on graphics concepts in JavaScript, but left me wondering if 1 is true or false.
Yusef Sohail	CS559	AWESOME	Yusef Sohail is the only reason I was able to pass this class, I feel like a graphics whiz!.
Yusef Sohail	CS559	AWESOME	pretty great professor, very knowledgeable and really knows his stuff about the material
Jeffrey Naughton	764	AWESOME	One of the best I've studied under in my life. Spent so much quality time per paper. I didn't need to do the prerequisites. Very lenient grader. Cares a lot about your understanding and very approachable. Loved the war stories about DB research. Every class was a pleasure. He is the Holy Trinity of Excellent Lectures + Good Grade + Inspirational
Karen Miller	CS354	AVERAGE	Lectures go way more in depth than you need to know. Programs are quite basic and can be easily done in a couple sittings (about 4-5hr total). Even if you don't go to class but do well on the programs and go through the practice exams (although they don't have answer keys) you will get a B at worst. (you get a cheat sheet for exams)
Karen Miller	CS354	GOOD	She's the kind of person who brags about her background a little too much and talks about stuff that isn't really relevant to the material more than she should. Regardless, you'll find she has an amazing personality and is genuinely there to see you pass. It's an easy class; you just need to go to lecture. Homework is dead easy if you start early.
Karen Miller	ECECS354	AWESOME	Karen has a polarizing personality. I can see why some people think she's mean but I think her sarcasm is great. The class is very straightforward: note the details in the specs, get a good grip on Cx86 and you should be good. I thought the programs helped to solidify lecture concepts without becoming busy work. She's also helpful in office hours.
Karen Miller	CS354	AWESOME	Generally pretty clear, but she has a tendency to spend too much time on one topic, which means her lectures are extremely boring. You get a full page of notes for the exams, which should be able to help you out if you are struggling.
Karen Miller	354	AVERAGE	The material was made about as interesting as possible but lectures were still pretty boring. She expects that you have mastered all previous related material. Rather abrasive attitude.
Karen Miller	CS354	AWESOME	354 is a difficult class, especially if low-level programming is not your forte.  However, given the content Karen is CRYSTAL clear in lectures when teaching.  The only downside is that she has unrealistic expectations for what you should know PRIOR to the class (given 302 is the only pre-req) so you're probably best teaching yourself some C before
Karen Miller	CSECE354	AVERAGE	Karen is one of the lazier teachers I have ever had. She reuses test questions and programming assignments every semester. You also get a full page of notes for exams, which should make your life very easy. This class is not fun or easy, but if you're taking it, it's probably for a requirement, you will survive.
Karen Miller	ECE354	AVERAGE	"Karen is a unique instructor. She isn't always clear in answering questions, but if you are interested in CS you shouldn't have too much trouble. Programs are graded pretty tough and exams are of average difficulty. She lives by the ""learn as you go"" motto; she will throw you into unknown territories as a programmer, having to find your own way out"
Karen Miller	CS354	GOOD	Really quirky but usually communicates the point pretty well. Exams don't always match up with lecture content.
Karen Miller	CS354	AWESOME	Overall Karen is a great professor. The kids who rated her poorly in the below comments must be the kind of students that want/need info spoon fed to them. This course is the beginning of the advanced CS material, and one must realize that in order to succeed in CS you need to meet face to face with your professors and ask questions!
Karen Miller	CS354	AWESOME	Karen is overall a decent lecturer. She seems to know her stuff and posts the lecture slides online which is nice. She re-did the course in Fall 2013 which is when I took it, and the new design is great. Covers a lot of C and x86 Assembly instead of the neophytic, arachaeic MIPS. Lectures are a tad boring but the material is not. Easy course.
Karen Miller	CS354	GOOD	Karen knows her stuff, but occasionally her slides confused me. If she puts a question mark on the slide, make sure you catch what the answer is. She's willing to help if you ask for it... The homework grading feels draconian / a little too strict. I felt like the grading didn't quite match my ability (it felt a little unfair).
Karen Miller	ECE354	AWESOME	Karen changed the course a bit this semester for the better to my understanding. The material is pretty easy and she is very thorough in her lectures so there is no way you will not understand it. She has taught this course like 40 times and seems to do it pretty well still.
Karen Miller	CS354	POOR	"I took her class Fall 2013. The course was completely remodeled, and it really showed due to the lack of focus. Exams consisted of regurgitating nit-picky facts. We learned random things from C to x86 assembly, then caching and virtual memory. Lectures never got anywhere because Karen would allow students to ask ""what if"" questions the entire time."
Karen Miller	CS354	AWFUL	"The absolute worst teacher I have ever had. Rude, unhelpful, and irritating. Takes pleasure in cutting down Java programmers. Interesting, since the only prereq courses taught here are in Java. Lectures are horribly unorganized; she spends ages on material from the prereq courses. Does not actually give info relative to the homework; ""Look it up!"""
Karen Miller	ECE354	GOOD	Class is insanely easy. If you are a half competent programmer, you will get an A. All previous exams are posted on her class site and are almost identical to each other. Easy 95-100% on all exams with your 1 page of permitted notes. Has a serious hard-on for Intel and will dedicate a significant amount of lecture time to telling how they are wrong
Karen Miller	ECE354	AWESOME	Karen has been one of the best instructors I have had in my university career. Her lectures were very well organised, interesting and run smoothly. She would also post all the material online, which I found of great use. The grading was also fair. In conclusion, this class set a solid foundation for more advanced classes later on.
Karen Miller	COMPSCI354	AWESOME	Good lecturer, but you really don't need to attend the lectures to do well. All the old exams are online. Easy class although dry material
Karen Miller	CS354	AWESOME	Good teacher who puts extensive notes online. She can be very strict with the grading (particularly that first C program...) but as long as you are anal about making sure you did everything exactly as prescribed and your program works and is commented you will do fine.
Karen Miller	CS354	AVERAGE	This is a class on assembly language. It's dry material and pretty boring. That being said Karen tries to make it as interesting as possible. Make sure to attend class as much as possible because she does examples in class that aren't posted online. 6 HW assignments and 3 exams and that's your grade. Exams are like previous years which are online
Barton Miller	CS736	AWFUL	This guy is rude and comes off as having no respect for students. It is unfortunate for those who desire role models in the faculty.
Barton Miller	CS736	AWESOME	Bart is an interesting guy. He comes off a bit abrasive at first but is really very nice and helpful. If you're constantly late or say stupid things, he absolutely WILL call you out on it, as you deserve. 736 is not much work other than reading and a project, but if you can't participate in class, he will ramp things up quickly.
Barton Miller	537	AWESOME	I've taken Bart for both OS, CS537 and now Advanced OS, CS736. Both have been reasonable and of the two semester I have had him, his class has been one of my favorites and most interesting. He is a nice guy, gives lots of anecdotes to make things interesting and he doesn't believe in tests. Talk periodically in class and you will get an 'A'.
Barton Miller	CS537	POOR	If you're not a fan of condescending professors, you'll have a hard time liking Bart.
Barton Miller	CS537	GOOD	Between Bart and Ramsey, if you're looking for a easier class with less work, I'd choose Bart. He's a good lecturer and his stories are interesting. The class consists of weekly quizzes ,programs and an optional final. Quizzes are reasonable and the programs aren't overwhelming either. Not a lot of work for a 500 level class.
Barton Miller	CS537	AWESOME	This was a difficult class and Miller expected a lot from us. But I really like his real world examples and I think that I learned a lot.  I know from my internship last summer that I can really use what I learned. (He had some substitutes because he traveled, but they were pretty good.)
Barton Miller	CS537	POOR	He's condescending attitude and arrogance towards his students puts him at one of the lower half of the professors in this school. Despite his quality of understanding the CS material, his dogmatic and saucy personality in general makes him socially incapable. He belongs in a lab and his quality as a professor is questionable.
Barton Miller	CS537	AVERAGE	Knows his stuff, and is very passionate.  Talking to him one-on-one is difficult as he is very condescending and tends to lecture in personal conversation.  He is overly strict about being on time and coming to class (he can tell if you haven't been), though you won't be docked for it.
Barton Miller	CS537	AWESOME	Bart comes across as kind of a tough guy and definitely likes things done his way.  He is rather dogmatic, but really knows his stuff.  Extremely helpful if you meet him outside of class and his lectures have a good amount of humor.  Do all the work assigned, come to lecure and you'll get a good grade.
Haryadi Gunawi	CS537	AWESOME	A very good prof.
David Page	760	GOOD	He's a good professor and is very helpful. For 760, the first part of the course seemed rushed and later on a lot of vague topics were covered after that. Cares  about students and is lenient on grading. I understood most of the things he taught - it's just that the course seemed like it covered random topics at the end.
Jeff Kinne	CS151	POOR	Mr. Kinne was very smart , but did not give enough time for students to learn material. He assigned homework the first dayw ith several different programs to download. Everyone was lost. He is demanding and will help on a tight schedule. No recommendation.
Jeff Kinne	CS240	GOOD	He has a very disinterested and self-deprecating lecture style which can be challenging, seems like even he has a hard time getting excited about the material at times.  Occasionally paints himself into a corner by not preparing for his lectures and getting lost.  Still, he gets the job done and the class won't kill you.  Brualdi is likely better.
Alexander Brooks	CS367	AVERAGE	Good professor, but very dry and boring which makes it hard to stay awake in class. Projects and tests are very difficult in this class.
Sally Peterson	CS367	AVERAGE	Very Disorganized and seemingly unsure about the material.
Sally Peterson	CS302	POOR	She doesnt seem to care a whole lot, and teaches completely from the book
Sally Peterson	CS302	AWESOME	The lectures really are pointless.  I don't think I ever went to one and left thinking that it was really worth it.  Teaches totally from the book.  Some lectures consist of mostly code tracing.  She is a nive person though.  I never thought any of the exams were that hard if you studied a little.
Sally Peterson	CS302	AVERAGE	tests are easy and exactly like the practice tests.  I stopped going to lecture halfway through the semester due to the fact the lectures are painfully boring and not at all educational. Read the book and go to discussions and the class is easy, but time consuming (only take if interested in it)
Sally Peterson	COMPSCI302	AVERAGE	I agree that you don't get much out of her lectures. The assignments are very time consuming, especially if you haven't programmed before. Her best qualities are how nice she is and her availability. Still, she didn't really teach me how to program. The book and myself where my main teachers.
Sally Peterson	CS302	GOOD	not much to add, other than she is very fun to listen to teach...she adds relavent stories to make lecture more fun...i will repeat how hard the tests are
Sally Peterson	CS302	AVERAGE	Hard class, and lectures are almost pointless due to the powerpoints being posted on the web.  Tests are challenging, other assignments are time-consuming but help in the overall scheme of things.  Not a great class, but not bad either.
Sally Peterson	CS302	GOOD	When she put the powerpoint lectures on the web, lecture attendance became completely pointless. The exams are tricky and somewhat difficult. The homework is worth so little in the grand scope it's barely worth it.
Sally Peterson	CS367	GOOD	Taught directly from book (she used the provided PowerPoints every day!), so lecture was generally worthless.  I hear she used to teach for real before having this book.  Tests difficult; programs generally dumb.
David Wood	CS752	POOR	wanders about the subject without getting to the point...
David Wood	ECE252	AWESOME	No Comments
David Wood	ECE252	AWESOME	Awesome, take him.
David Wood	CS252	GOOD	I liked him.  He was easy to understand, and his exams were quite fair.
Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	GOOD	The course itself is too demanding ,when it comes to coding (debugging!!) the projects (total 10 sub-projects). The theory exams are relatively easier considering that slides and the free book are great. Grading criteria is quite clear  but she can make exceptions in initial projects.
Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AVERAGE	Lectures can be a bit dry, making it hard to make it through the power lectures. Class was going through a restructuring, so organizationally things were all over the place at times. The free textbook is amazingly helpful, however. Plan to spend lots of time finding out where to put code in the xv6 portions of the homework.
Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	GOOD	She cares for students doing well and takes feedback in improving the presentation/organization of the class, which is great. Lectures are usually clear but there are times where she seems to speak with equivocation when explaining topics which made things confusing. Debugging programs can take an indeterminate amount of time, so start early.
Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	POOR	the class at the beginning of the semester wasn't planned at all. projects were difficult and it was not easy2 tell where to look for the information we needed to complete them. sometimes the answer was right in a certain source, but with limited time it's impossible to read and understand 100% of the material we're give. little to no help w/ HWs
Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau	CS537	AWESOME	Andrea is a great professor. She really understands the material, and her textbook is extremely helpful (and free!). Programming projects are long and can be very difficult, but she often pushes back the deadlines. Exams are long, but fair. Lectures are well organized, but can be a bit quiet, especially in a large lecture hall.
Anhai Doan	CS638	AWESOME	An Hai was the best CS professor I've ever had. He's also a brilliant data scientist and he explained complex concepts in a clear way. His lectures were hilarious and full of career, dating, and life advice. He even sent a long email after final grades were posted to give extra advice to the class. He truly cares about his students.
Anhai Doan	CS784	GOOD	Cool prof
Anhai Doan	564	AWESOME	He's a great guy who is willing and able to help his students. He seems to care about that his students understand the content but isn't super pushy about needing to learn unnecessary specifics. He also is really funny and makes lectures as bearable as lecture can be. I would definitely take a course with AnHai again if I had the choice.
Anhai Doan	564	AWESOME	Professor Doan is brilliant and down to earth. Database management systems expressed in terms of boats, sailors and beer.
Anhai Doan	CS564	GOOD	The class is pretty easy as CS classes go. The textbook sucks so its important to go to lectures. There's too much covered to really have time to practice and get comfortable with things and as such, the assignments are superficial.
Jude Shavlik	CS540	GOOD	Grade is determined by coding homework and 2 tests. The homeworks aren't bad as long as you stay on top of them. He does a great job giving you practice tests to study for the exams. Some of the lectures are difficult to understand, but overall he is a great prof.
Gary Dahl	COMPSCI302	AWESOME	He's a pretty good professor. His lectures are concise and he never went off task, not even once throughout the whole semester. The homework, reading, and labs are a lot of work, but he cuts everybody some slack with those. He's very accessible, and will answer everyone's questions at the start of every lecture.
Gary Dahl	CS302	GOOD	People complain a lot about this class, but it wasn't so bad.  Go to lectures, and try to pay attention and you'll be golden, and if you have trouble on one of the programming assignments, go to the TA consulting hours, they will help you immensely.
Gary Dahl	CS302	GOOD	Great professor, really helpful office hours.  I felt like many of his lectures were useless especially  in the beginning of year because the homework covered it well.  However, it is a lot of work for a 3 credit class.
Gary Dahl	COMPSCI302	AWESOME	He's pretty good
Gary Dahl	CS302	GOOD	Pretty decent lecturer. People complain WAY WAY WAY too much about the class and blame it on the professor. He's a nice guy that is (too) willing to answer questions during lecture and might end up taking half the lecture to settle one person's qualms. Its not fair to say he's easy or hard as all of the CS302 sections are run the same, gradingwise.
Gary Dahl	CS302	AWESOME	As a Comp Sci course, programming homework is really necessary. I do not quite agree with the previous comments that there is TOO MUCH homework. On the contrary, I believe that if you could read through the clear guidelines, you may find it easier to finish the HW. In addition, I think Dahl is the one who teaches the best.
Gary Dahl	CS302	GOOD	Do not take this class unless you have some knowledge about programming already. The claim that it is 3 credits worth of work is a complete lie, this class is insanely time consuming and without a doubt the hardest class I took this semester.
Gary Dahl	CS3O2	AWESOME	The best professor in CS 302. He teaches clearly, and the materials are taught in a more applicable way.
Gary Dahl	CS540	AWFUL	Absolutely hardest professor I've ever had. He makes lectures quick but they are not worth going to. Homework is insanely difficult. Do not take him.
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS368	AWESOME	Have taken 354 and 368 with him, really great instructor in CS. He cares about you.
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS302	AWESOME	Gerald is the best CS professor I've had, he's the only reason that I decided my CS major. He is extremely passionate about the subject and inspires that passion in his students. He is also a great lecturer and teaches CS in an amazing way.
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS368	AWESOME	He takes suggestions seriously, and so you should make an effort to get your opinions heard. He'll take them into consideration.
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS354	AWESOME	He is one of the best professors at UW-Madison CS department. He has reorganized the syllabus for the course to make it look more interactive and easy to follow. Lectures are very clear, and make use of his office hours, pretty chill and extremely helpful. Totally worth taking class with him. Wish more professors like him in CS department.
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS354	AWESOME	Gerald is the gold standard of professors. He has perfected everything about what it takes to be an effective instructor: extremely clear lectures, very detailed/efficient slides/presentations, inhuman knowledge of the subject, organized (his classes have the most organized websites you will ever use), and VERY PASSIONATE. Take a class with him.
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS354	AWESOME	Gerald is a stellar instructor! He is extremely dedicated to teaching and truly cares whether or not his students understand the material. He has amazing PowerPoints that helped me to visualize tough concepts at a high level. I took 368 this semester just so I could have Gerald again! You won't regret taking his class!
Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj	CS354	AWESOME	Really amazing professor! Does his best to help. Even puts up notes  from class everyday. Really focuses on everyone!
Dongning Wang	435	AWFUL	Overall, Danny is a pretty bad professor. He taught Cryptography, which is a super interesting topic, but he made it dry. His lectures are very unclear and he has trouble explaining even simple topics. His handwriting is borderline illegible, he mumbles, and does no lecture prep. However, tests are straight forward. Would not recommend.
Vikas Singh	766	AWESOME	I took this class the semester I was leaving with a masters. really enjoyed it and learned a great deal. more than any other class in my two years there. it almost made me want to do research in AI and computer vision.  if you are average at math, skip this class.  there are three big homeworks and paper reviews each week. plus a research project.
Vikas Singh	CS760	POOR	Enthusiastic teacher but unhelpful outside of class (he talks but it's never useful or direct), rambles on during class and doesn't take into account the workload of students from other classes (assigns endless number of difficult homeworks). I would not take any course with him, just wait until another professor is teaching them.
Vikas Singh	CSA	GOOD	Great instructor! I took CS540 at UW-Madison as a senior in high school and I still received an A even though I spent most of my time focusing on my high school classes. He was passionate about the topic and was a very nice guy. His slides are the same as his predecessors who taught 540 with some small variation. Great class overall, very valuable.
Vikas Singh	CS540	AWESOME	This class needs LOT of work on programming and math. I barely managed a B. But what Vikes covers is very useful. Two questions on my interview at a tech startup were very similar to the ones on the final exam. I'm on the job for about six months now!!!
Vikas Singh	CS540	AWESOME	this is not an easy class and needs a LOT of work. i loved the second half of 540 (after logic). The svm and perceptron stuff is really really good but very mathy. if you already have a 1-2 semesters of calculus you'll do well. Many grad students take this class, so an A may be hard.
Vikas Singh	CS540	AVERAGE	He's a very nice person and really wants to help students. But his lectures are confusing and his lecture slides don't explain anything explicitly. There are not enough practice problems to prepare for exams either. One of the most frustrating classes.
Vikas Singh	CS540	AVERAGE	Very nice person, and he really wants to help students understand. But his explanation is not clear and I was lost so many times in class. There were not enough practice problems to prepare you for the final. One of the most frustrating classes.
Vikas Singh	CS540	GOOD	Nice guy, helpful outside of class, but lectures are sometimes very difficult to follow and rambly. Homeworks are very long and difficult. Midterm was reasonable difficult, final absurdly difficult. Choose a different professor if you really want to take this AI.
Vikas Singh	CS540	GOOD	cs540 is a tough course regardless of who teaches it.  don't expect an easy A.  class is not curved and you will spend a good amount of time on HW (20-40 hrs)  you are expected to compete with some graduate students in the class too.  Vikas is actually very helpful, willing to slow down and explain things or make himself available outside of class.
Vikas Singh	CS540	AWESOME	Very nice guy and very helpful outside of class. Lectures are sometimes a little rambly. However, he'll always stop to answer questions or slow down if asked. Seems to care about the class a lot. Textbook is totally useless and not even worth buying. I didn't use it at all.
Vikas Singh	CS540	POOR	I have to say this was one of the most disappointing classes I've ever taken. Vikas' has his head in the right place as he's enthusiastic and very nice but his teaching leaves a lot to be desired. His lectures consist of him rambling and his online notes leave a lot to be desired. No practice exams or problems. Final exam was incredibly difficult
Thomas Ristenpart	642	AWESOME	Great class, great professor. No longer at UW (now at Cornell Tech) but highly recommend that people take this class when offered.
Luis Rodriguez-Velazquez	CS412	AWESOME	Nature of course covers a lot of topics. He does a good job covering everything subject. Stays after class everyday to answer questions. Very dedicated to our learning.
Luis Rodriguez-Velazquez	412	GOOD	he is a good person who not only cares about your academic but also your normal life. He cares about every one and tries best to know about everyone. Stay in office hour and chat with him, he tells you a lot of useful materials and I am pretty sure he will answer each of your question very detailedly and patiently. He pays attention to attendance.
Luis Rodriguez-Velazquez	CS412	AVERAGE	Class was a joke. Final grades were almost a week late. Absolutely no feedback on homework/midterm/quizzes. Homework is tedious. Get excited to copy 50-100 line functions out of the book into Matlab! Midterm/Final require you to write a large formula sheet, which should be provided. Communication was non-existent. Just taught out of the book.
John Nelson	BB	AVERAGE	No Comments
John Nelson	CS476	POOR	Horrible. So boring, do not take this class unless you have to. You will definitely regret it.
Shuchi Chawla	CS577	AVERAGE	Algorithms is an extremely tough course. If all you care about is looking good on paper with an empty head in reality, take this class with Deb Joe. If you actually care about learning one of the most usefulpowerful skill sets in all of CS, take this course with Chawla. She gets the job done, and she's a vastly better teacher than Eric Bach.
Shuchi Chawla	CS577	AVERAGE	Sucks that a required course is so dumpy. probably great if you are an aspiring grad student. But for myself, I have no interest in g-school and likely will never write a proof in my life. I'm an applications guy, let me implent the algorithms and learn how to improve them that way.. don't make me b.s. proofs to try and pass the class
Shuchi Chawla	CS577	GOOD	The material for this course is extremely challenging. In our lecture, her exams and homework were designed so the average score was between 50% and 70%. I received a 7 out of 35 on our final exam (worth 30%) and got a B in the course. It will occupy a lot of your time, but she's not a bad professor.
Shuchi Chawla	CS577	AWESOME	I had Shuchi for CS577. I had no problems understanding her, and even when I or others had questions, she was very willing to respond to them. That goes for exam grades, too. And I have a decent mathematical background, and I know I had to use that style of thinking often throughout the course, but it's what I expected on a course about algorithms.
Shuchi Chawla	DSA101	AWFUL	She does bad grading, gives tough questions and her teaching is  incomprehensible. It doesn't make any sense to attend her class!
Shuchi Chawla	CS577	AWFUL	The average grade for her class was in the &lt;50% range. The grading and questions in her class was just ridiculous. I compared some of the exams with another prof's exams and it was comparably more difficult. My friend got an A in the same class w/ diff. prof had no idea how to answer hw or exam questions. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER!!
Daniel Szafir	CS302	AWESOME	I took this class in Fall 2010.  Dan's is only a grad student, but I felt like he did a really good job helping with the material.  The class is fairly difficult, but all 302 sections use the same material/exams.  The smaller lecture size and his helpfulness made this class definitely doable.
Daniel Szafir	CS001	POOR	Do not take this class over the summer.  You are expected to learn the same material at an accelerated rate, and with fewer opportunities to learn (i.e., no lab.)
Daniel Szafir	CS302	GOOD	He is a very challenging instructor, not especially a good thing during the summer semester since you have less time to learn and more material to cover, but very willing to help. He will even skype with students. However, during the summer semester it was much to hard imo. Not sure about non-summer semester, but I dropped due to summer difficulty.
Amos Ron	CS412	AWESOME	I really enjoyed his lectures and would consider Professor Ron to be one of the best. The assignments require a bit of interpretation, however, the content of lectures and homework are coincident. Lectures are mandatory, and for good reason. The homework is thorough but will only take 4-6 hours, and are assigned biweekly which is plenty of time.
Amos Ron	CS412	AWFUL	The assignments are far too long and unhelpful on the exam& the in class explanations are very abstract & CONVOLUTED. Rarely will he walk through an actual problem. The supplementary readings are fluffed,badly organized&written in unintelligible english sometimes. There's a large #of formulas which all differ slightly&you have to memorize them all.
Amos Ron	412	POOR	"I apologized to the TA for handing in a 70 page homework assignment. He said, ""They're all that long."" This was a very, very, very hard course. I felt I learned something fundamental, but the cost was enormously high."
Amos Ron	412	AWFUL	worst teacher ever. super rude. homework is insanely long and he doens't give much explanation. outright called a student's question stupid and pointed at the board saying 'duh!' just don't.
Amos Ron	CS412	AWFUL	If you take this class with this professor, the assignments will be much longer and much harder. This does not mean you will learn the material better
Amos Ron	CS412	AWFUL	Professor Amos is the worse professor I have had in my academic career.  Compared to other sections of CS412, his assignments are way harder, and his grading scheme is way worse (one 40% midterm and one 40% final). His exams are not anything like the homework we spend 20 hours on and he makes us memorize equations.  He is also incredibly rude.
Amos Ron	CS412	POOR	This professor loves to hear himself talk and will be immensely frusterating at times. Interrupts students before they can finish asking the question, or refuse to answer it at all. Homeworks are excessively long, tests are excessively difficult, and he does a poor job of getting points across during lecture. One of the worst professors I've had.
Amos Ron	CS412	POOR	Terrible professor.  Homeworks are insanely long.  Tests are hard.  He is always sarcastic and mocks everyone to just make you feel worse about yourself.  Squeeks and does weird things in lecture which will freak you out.  Avoid at all costs!
Amos Ron	CS412	POOR	If you like hard concepts taught poorly by a professor and then tested on variations of the concepts for your tests as well as 10 - 12 hours a week of homework then this is the class for you.
Amos Ron	CS412	AWFUL	DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR!!!!! I am an electrical engineering student and was required to take CS 412.  He is horrible, the exams are hard as hell, he grades them poorly, and NO JOKE the homework assignments (there are only 6) WILL take you 20 hours per assignment.  HE SUCKS HE IS HARD THE CLASS IS BORING.
Mark Craven	CS760	AWESOME	Prof Craven's course offering is like CMU's 10-601, which is accommodating of students who lack a strong math background, but can pick up stuff along the way. The course is mostly theoretical, although programming assignments cover around 60% of the grade. The course content is excellent. The course slides make tough concepts easy to understand.
Jignesh Patel	CS564	GOOD	He's pretty good at teaching. Learned a lot in lecture. Projects are hard but leaving that class I feel confident I'm good at Databases.
Jignesh Patel	CS564	AWFUL	just bad...
Jignesh Patel	CS564	POOR	Each project costs significant amount of time, and there are too many redundant and repetitive things. No textbook, however, for most of the topics, it's will be much better to refer to the cow book---he seems like an enthusiastic and knowledgeable professor; however, he actually skipped a lot of essential materials.
Jignesh Patel	CS564	POOR	Project difficulty vs. amount they're worth does not make sense, class notes are incomplete and there isn't a textbook, no group projects and very few if any functional problem handouts. Professor is knowledgeable but class/projects/exams are arbitrary and lack direction. Too difficult compared to similar classes.
Jignesh Patel	CS564	AWESOME	A very good teacher. He knows the material extremely well. The class can be a bit hard, primarily the projects taking a lot of time. Start early on them, and you'll do well.
Jignesh Patel	564	AWFUL	Enthusiastic instructor. Unclear instructions about what to do for projects, which waste us large amount of time!
Jignesh Patel	564	POOR	He is overconfident with his course design....
Jignesh Patel	CS564	POOR	He is not too bad. Indeed, he tries to encourage people to learn. But if you have questions and want to talk to him in person, you might got disappointed since instead of answering questions, he might ask you to read other papers or come to his office hours; or just give you a very brief answer. Personally, I don't like him.
Jignesh Patel	CS564	AWESOME	Great teacher. Lectures are actually interesting and he really cares about you learning the material. Projects are pretty hard but easily doable if you pay attention in class and don't procrastinate too hard. Exams based off of lecture slides, so if you attend lecture you'll be golden.
Jignesh Patel	CS564	POOR	No textbook or other resources outside of lecture. Bad because his lectures are highly confusing. Draws a diagram, erases part of it and redraws. Gives no time to recopy but expects you understand both. He expects 100 hours of time for a project worth 10% of grade. You'll do fine if you already know everything about databases. Ruined my 4.0 GPA
Jignesh Patel	CS564	AWESOME	Very good lecturer and makes all of the material clear. Tests and exams are too in-depth, it's hard to know what to study, and there are no practice exams. The projects take a lot of time so start them early!
Seth Pollen	CS302	AWESOME	Awesome professor!
Charles Fischer	CS536	AWESOME	I took compilers from Fischer in Fall 2013. Assignments were cumulative & difficult, but he allowed extra credit; It's difficult, but DO IT. It's worth the trouble. I spent a lot of time asking him questions in office hours, he was extremely helpful.I learned  a lot from him (he really knows his stuff). He wrote the textbook after all..
Charles Fischer	CS536	GOOD	Likes the subject and is writing a text on compilers.  Has a lot of energy in his lectures and is funny in his way.  Sometimes his lectures seem unrelated to the projects, but eventually it all ties together.  Enjoyed the class and learned a great deal without being overwhelmed.
Stephen Wright	CS525	AWESOME	Truly amazing and inspiring
Stephen Wright	CS525	GOOD	Professor Wright did a good job conveying the principles of linear programming. You need prior linear algebra knowledge. His midterm was easy so everyone did well and it was tough to get a distribution so he made the final more difficult, although it wasn't bad. Be ready for semi tough proofs.  Go to his office hours. He's very helpful.
Benjamin Snyder	CS545	AWFUL	I have never seen a class fall apart so badly. He tried to make our NLP class into a projectbased class by having us create a large open-source NLP project.. He was extremely disorganized however and did not even tell us what we were working towards until 5 weeks into the class. Last 7 weeks basically nothing happened and the last week he was gone.
Benjamin Snyder	CS545	AWESOME	Nice prof
Okan Akalin	CS412	AWFUL	Do not take any class with Okan. He just doesn't know how to teach properly. Lectures are boring and I found it is more beneficial for me to study by myself rather than attending his lecture.
Okan Akalin	CS412	AWFUL	Worst professor forever and avoid it at any cost
Okan Akalin	CS412	POOR	Grad student who know's the material but has no idea how to teach it.
Okan Akalin	CS368	AVERAGE	He has a difficult time adapting his teaching to the course audience, for instance when explaining mathematical concepts. His assignments were also more difficult and time consuming than was appropriate for a 1 credit course.
Jason Lowe-Power	CS354	AWESOME	Great Prof. Great Class.
Jason Lowe-Power	CS354	AWESOME	Clear speaker. Engaging. Guides you to the answer before asking the question allowing you to test your understanding in lecture. Easy to pass on lectures alone, but the selected book was amazingly clear. Even some humor mixed in. Highly recommend.
Beck Hasti	CS240	AVERAGE	Beck cares but his lectures are dry and sometimes spends an entire lecture doing the exact same problem as a previous lecture again. Some proofs take the entire lecture, and can be confusing and arbitrary. Follow practice problems closely for exams and look over lecture notes.
Beck Hasti	CS240	AWESOME	excellent professor, tries to make a tough subject accessible to those that aren't math-inclined
Beck Hasti	CS240	GOOD	The discussions are next to useless unless you get a decent TA. The structure of discussion is supposed to be group working through practice problems, but I had a TA whose sloppily written logical symbols and letters look more like Arabic than English (neither of which he spoke well). I have not been to discussion sin
Beck Hasti	CS240	AWESOME	I had a great experience with Prof. Hasti for CS240 (Discrete Math)! Math is not my strongest subject, but he was a great professor and that helped get me through the class. The first 2/3 of the class is very proof-heavy, but I really enjoyed the last 1/3 of the class. Homework is tricky, so it helps to have a partner. Tests and grading are fair.
Beck Hasti	CS240	AWESOME	Very helpful
Beck Hasti	CS240	AWESOME	Amazing professor
Beck Hasti	CS240	AVERAGE	Lecture is about sophisticated proof of tough questions. Think very hard & take much time to understand him & lect notes which seems helpless when u do assignments. Not many practice. No exam review. TA is like a stone &has no idea what to do during discussions.
Beck Hasti	CS240	AWESOME	Very helpful at office hours, may not be very clear in lecture but that's totally fine. Get early to his office hour and you will learn all the stuff needed. Recommended for CS240
Beck Hasti	CS368	AWESOME	Beck makes an effort to meet with students, even during advising hours and beyond. If you have a question he'll answer it. All around humorous but he can get a bit spacey at times. Good teacher overall, cares about what he's doing.
Beck Hasti	COMPSCI310	AWESOME	Clear in what he expects you to know. Very approachable person.
Beck Hasti	COMPSCI310	AWESOME	Great intro to compsci course!  Beck does an excellent job at working through problems in an easy to follow way so that anyone can understand.  Homeworks can take a while and the exams are somewhat challenging but very fair.  Overall, great way to start in computer science!
Beck Hasti	CS310	AWESOME	Great, helpful prof. Online notes/manual are extremely helpful and allow students to teach themselves. Labs allow students to work together, and I think they're a great opportunity. Overall, this class and prof were great and I learned a lot about Matlab and Maple, which will help me for years to come.
Beck Hasti	CS310	AWESOME	"Beck is a very nice professor! His class is well organized, and the contents are explained clearly. If u just work on the stuff, u will just find CS310 is a very easy course. The exams & HWs are easy. He still has some ""challenging"" extra credits! (Although I do not think they are challenging, u can get a lot of hints from him) Great course to take"
Beck Hasti	CS310	GOOD	Beck is a super nice guy, and is genuinely concerned about your performance in his class. He is so helpful during office hours and is easy to get a hold of via email. The material in this class is hard, but the online modules and labs really help. The only downside to Beck is that he takes FOREVER to grade homework and tests.
Beck Hasti	CS367	AWESOME	Beck isn't a professor, he just teaches, and it shows. He's very good at taking data structures concepts, which are new to most people when they take the course, and making them understandable. As somebody who knew about this before I found the class boring, so he must have been doing a good job going down to first principles to explain!
Beck Hasti	CS310	AWESOME	Professor goes out of the way to ensure students understand the material and does it in an understanding level of the students. Throws in trick questions in the exam but everything is do-able and students can also self-teach themselves using the informative modules constructed by the professor.
Beck Hasti	CS310	AWESOME	Super nice professor, willing to help. Easy class.
Beck Hasti	CS367	AWESOME	Excellent instructor. Beck knows how to take abstract information and present in a manner in which you can understand, which is a rarity in CS. This content of this course is invaluable if you're a CS major, and Beck was indispensable in my getting an A.
Beck Hasti	CSA	AWESOME	Beck is a great guy, and he taught 367 really well to me. I have heard it's difficult for some ECE majors, but if you understood 302 well, Beck is your man for 367. He's clear, has helpful note handouts for every lecture, and often has useful demos which really help you learn the data structures. He is the reason I started loving to program.
Beck Hasti	CS367	AWESOME	Hasti is one of the best professors in the CS department in Madison. He explain everything clearly and you can tell that he really love teaching. From the material he talked about in class, it is obvious that he did a lot of preparation and really know how to teach. Really recommend this instructor!!
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWFUL	Nice guy, but terrible professor. The book is so old and thin, you will feel like you have no resources to go to to learn about the subject, including the Internet. Numerous times he has assigned homework problems that literally he and the TA cannot solve. It's like the unsolvable math problems from the movie Good Will Hunting.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWESOME	Prof is very intelligent and fair. Take the course, you will really learn
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWESOME	One graded HW problem plus some ungraded ones and an autograded EC programming problem per week. Very difficult, but usually possible if you give it some serious attention. Exams are difficult, but he gives plenty of time and grades generously. Good, clear lectures and notes. He's a genius and passionate. Difficult, but good if you want to learn.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWESOME	Amazing Professor
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AVERAGE	Pros: He is very knowledgeable and you will learn A LOT from him. He quickly and clearly responds to emails, online/Piazza questions, etc. The curve was generous; 78% was an A.  Cons: Words cannot describe how hard the weekly homework is. I put at least 10 hours per week into the homework. This was the hardest class I've ever taken hands down.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWESOME	Course will teach you how to think
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWESOME	This class is about as difficult as it gets, and Dieter expects a lot from you. The weekly homework is challenging, as are the exams. However, Dieter is an incredibly thorough lecturer. He misses no details. If you want to really gain some ground in theoretical computer science, take 577 with him.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	POOR	Hard to do without post-grad math knowledge, unnecessarily complicates concepts and tests on related but not actually taught topics.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	GOOD	Dieter's teaching philosophy relies on challenging you (almost to the point of disillusionment; homeworks were harder than a comparable class at MIT) like you've probably never been challenged before. That being said, you won't learn more in an algorithms course.  He's incredibly helpful in office hours. Review sessions are also super helpful
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	GOOD	Monotonous speaker; but great course. Assignments make you learn and some effort is required to keep up. Definitely worth it.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AVERAGE	I worked hard and get A for other CS courses but get a C at CS577. Only 50% of students can get a score of A-B, others will get a BC-D. So be careful before you take Dieter's CS577, yikes!
Dieter Van Melkebeek	577	AVERAGE	Pretty monotonous speaker. Homeworks are difficult and involve a lot of problem solving. That said you'll definitely learn -a lot- from this course, provided that you put in the work.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	577	AWFUL	I hate it!
Dieter Van Melkebeek	577	AWESOME	My best class ever. Dieter rocks!
Dieter Van Melkebeek	577	AVERAGE	Most homework solutions can be found online, ACM,  OJ or other universities' hwk. So don't  worry about the homework.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	577	AVERAGE	Best professor other than Joseph.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWFUL	So hard, Dieter is good at make things you like to you hate. Make your dream become nightmare.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS577	AWESOME	This is the hardest CS class I have ever taken on campus. I did very well for all of the intro CS class and expect i could nail this one. However, it is not easy. Expect to work a lot of time on the exam and homework. TA is very helpful. Also, Dieter is a really smart professor, once you take his class, you will learn much more than otherwise.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	CS1	AVERAGE	Very Hard intro teacher, but was a very smart guy. Just not the best teacher. I felt as though I didn't really learn anything, I got an A/B  because I didn't bomb the tests as bad as everyone else. Curve was awesome and homework was hard and took a lot of time. Avoid teacher for math/cs240 but I'd image he's good for the higher level classes.
Dieter Van Melkebeek	COMP240	AWFUL	worst professor ive had at UW. managed to make a 200 level class ridiculously impossible. avoid at all times
Deb Deppeler	CS367	AWFUL	Assign group project with random people which is making no sense. Cannot get a fair grade.
Deb Deppeler	CS367	AVERAGE	Go to lecture or you won't pass
Deb Deppeler	CS367	AWESOME	Deb's lectures follow a strict format, they stay on track and don't deviate from plans too much. You'll learn everything in lecture, and she does a fantastic job of delivering content. For me, Deb was a great professor, but I see why people don't like her teaching style; a lot of times when people ask questions, she'll brush it aside and continue.
Deb Deppeler	CPS367	AWESOME	"Deb's midterms can be very very tricky to careless people just entered the world of programming. But she has a point in making those ""trick"" questions. They help you avoid real mistakes with potential real losses in the future. Make sure you double check every single problem she gave you in order to get above a B."
Deb Deppeler	CS367	GOOD	This is a hard course and she makes visualizing computer science theory easier than it's ever been. I actually understand things following lecture, which wasn't the case in CS302 with a different prof.
Deb Deppeler	CS302367	AWESOME	Deb is amazing. I had her for both 302 and 367... went in to 302 knowing absolutely nothing about programming and she was so helpful, and also part of the reason I decided to continue with CS.  Absolutely would take her again!
Deb Deppeler	CS302	POOR	She does not listen to what students are asking and often responds emotionally.
Deb Deppeler	CS367	GOOD	Had her for 302 and 367. Can't complain at all. Lectures were good and I felt prepared for everything. Not an overwhelming amount of work as long as you can grasp the concepts.  Deb's pretty knowledgeable and not afraid to admit mistakes which I think is really cool.
Deb Deppeler	COMPSCI302	AVERAGE	She's okay
Deb Deppeler	CS302	GOOD	Her lectures are sometimes helpful and she always lags behind the schedule. Her tests are easy.
Deb Deppeler	CS302	POOR	Lectures are sleep-inducing-only about 20-30 of the 250 kids show up. I went in not knowing much beyond loops, was in for a hell of a ride. Even friends that know how to program found it a tough course. Office Hours are a pain to schedule and the only exam help is the online QA forum. Exams&Programs are death if you've never studied this before.
Deb Deppeler	CS302	AWESOME	Deb is an incredibly helpful professor. She knows this class has many non-programmers and is there to help accordingly, while also not dumbing down the material. Very important to go to class to understand what she prioritizes on exams. Start the programs early and ask a lot of questions to succeed. Do the homework problems, as they also help.
Deb Deppeler	CS302	AVERAGE	She's a good professor and tries really hard to make her lectures interesting. She sometimes lacks in clarity and fails to make the concepts easier to grasp.
Deb Deppeler	COMPSCI302	AVERAGE	"Deb is a very nice person, but in general, 302 is difficult for an intro level class, especially if you have NO programming experience AT ALL. I enjoyed doing the 4 ""big"" programs and learned the most from these, but the exams are tough and meant to be tricky--not exactly ideal for someone with little experience as it is. Piazza was a life-saver"
Deb Deppeler	CS302	AVERAGE	Deb is a nice lady, but her lectures were not all too helpful. Having no programming experience, I found myself relying on the book more than anything else. Exams were tough, and programming projects were very advanced for an intro class.
Deb Deppeler	CS302	GOOD	Great teacher, but you can't just come to lectures and expect to understand. You have to put in a little time with the book and a lot of time on Stack Exchange. If you come in with that knowledge, she expands well on it.
Deb Deppeler	COMPSCI302	GOOD	Great lecturer. 302 relatively simple class. Do practice problems.
Deb Deppeler	CS302	AWFUL	She does not teach the concepts you are expected to know. She doesn't even try; her lectures are just her coding and somewhat talking about it. This does not translate to doing well on exams, you need to read the book for your grade. lectures are worthless. This equates to vast amounts of extra time studying because you're learning without her help
Deb Deppeler	CS302	POOR	Her lectures are so pointless - you certainly are not there to learn programming, you're there to watch her make programs vaguely related to the lengthy projects that are due. You are expected to actually learn everything from the book. It makes her lectures worthless when a million youtube videos can explain it better than her. Exams are very hard
Deb Deppeler	CS302	POOR	Do not take this class if you have no programming experience. The lectures are pretty much useless, all the important information is in the book which she does not clearly follow in her lectures. She is not very helpful in her lectures or office hours.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	GOOD	Andy is a super caring and interesting professor. In CS202, his lectures are very dynamic and interesting. Everything is accessible online through Google Docs, and he makes readings and homework assignments relevant. Tests can be harder than expected, but if you do the readings and check-up questions you should be fine. Final project is a cakewalk.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	AWESOME	Easier to talk than most computer science professors.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	GOOD	Professor Kuemmel is enthusiastic about teaching this course. He is informative and inspirational. His exams are not hard, as long as you review the his check up questions and readings for each lecture. Easy A. Homework accounts for a significant amount of total grade. Studying the programming language Scratch. Interesting and useful.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	GOOD	Professor Kuemmel is always passionate but not well prepared to explain everything that he wrote in the lecutre slides.  (eg. doesn't know why IPv6 is called IPv6.... ) Getting an A is not hard at all  if you do the homework, project  and readings.  The grading on the project is very easy.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	GOOD	Kuemmel is very passionate and obviously loves the materialteaching. Getting an A is super manageable if you do the homework and readings. Definitely a good choice for quantitative A requirement as the material does feel relevant and there really isn't any math.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	AWESOME	Professor Kuemmel is always passionate and well-prepared to teach. Lectures are interesting that you can learn a lot of interesting stuffs about computer and technology you might not know before.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	GOOD	Took this class with no prior knowledge and it wasn't that bad, the worst part is easily the programming. Homework is a big part of your grade and usually consists of programming assignments,. Personally, the TAs  I had took forever to email me back when I had a question but not all TAs are like that. Exams are relatively easy, just pay attention
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	AWESOME	He is an awesome guy who is clearly passionate about this class. I had absolutely no interest or prior knowledge and this class has been a breeze. Just do the homework and pay attention, you'll get an A.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	AWESOME	His lectures are interesting, and he basically gives you the exam beforehand, so if you can do the whole practice exam, then you'll be fine. Also, turn in your homework on time, the TAs aren't that hard of graders
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	GOOD	Very passionate lecturer.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS368	AWESOME	He posts all the lecture notes and codes online, which is really helpful for code assignment. His homework is easy and closely related with what he taught during class. As for a 1 point programming course, I think he is a good professor for it.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	AWESOME	Andrew is a great lecturer who is very accommodating to students needs and passionate about the topic.  If you are not familiar with coding some of the projects can be tricky but help is always available.
Andrew Kuemmel	CS202	AWESOME	Class was easy and kuemmel loved teaching it. Lot of valuable information and some of the projects were actually kind of fun. Highly Recommend. Getting an A is very manageable.
Andrew Kuemmel	COSCI202	AWESOME	He was a great teacher that was always extremely excited about the class and the material! If you did the work you got an easy grade.
